could bear it, but there is no one. I have only the Count to speak with, and he!--I fear I am myself the only living soul within the place. Let me be prosaic so far as facts can be; it will help me to bear up, and 
but not to another one. No more White Whales for me; I’ve lowered for him once, and that has satisfied me. There would be great glory in killing him, I know that; and there is a ship-load of precious sperm 
the essence, the substance, the Nile, and the Ens, the soul, nature, liberty, necessity; perpendicular problems, sinister obscurities, where lean the gigantic archangels of the human mind; formidable abysses, 
“God help me,” he said, smiling, “it’s the doctor’s orders.” His wizened face broke into a broader smile, and the three young ladies laughed in musical echo to his pleasantry, swaying their bodies to and 
those repeated whaling disasters—some few of which are casually chronicled—of this man or that man being taken out of the boat by the line, and lost. For, when the line is darting out, to be seated then in 
went off, and I didnt stop for three mile. Ive come now becuz I wanted to know about it, you know; and I come before daylight becuz I didnt want to run across them devils, even if they was dead. 
that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this particular. It also seems to me that such scratches in the whale are probably made by hostile contact with other whales; for I have most 
robbers nor murderers. Those are dangers from without, petty dangers. Let us fear ourselves. Prejudices are the real robbers; vices are the real murderers. The great dangers lie within ourselves. What matters it 
menacing the crowd.  'Do your worst!  I'll cheat you yet!' Of all the terrific yells that ever fell on mortal ears, none could exceed the cry of the infuriated throng.  Some shouted to those who 
when my country called me and commanded me to concern myself with its affairs. I obeyed. Abuses existed, I combated them; tyrannies existed, I destroyed them; rights and principles existed, I proclaimed and 
still hears, and which the dying man hears already. This song proceeded from the gloomy edifice which towered above the garden. At the moment when the hubbub of demons retreated, one would have said that a choir of 
first, and him last.  So he set his ear to the crack and listened, and listened, and listened, and the steps a-scraping around out there all the time; and at last he nudged us, and we slid out, and stooped down, 
thief.  Mr. Bounderby quite confounded, stood stock-still in the street after his father-in-law had left him, swelling like an immense Mr. Gradgrind went home, locked himself in his room, and kept it all that 
Yet, Monseigneur had slowly found that vulgar embarrassments crept into his affairs, both private and public; and he had, as to both classes of affairs, allied himself perforce with a Farmer-General. As to finances 
had neglected to keep her market open; it was now closed to her. She had no resource. Fantine barely knew how to read, and did not know how to write; in her childhood she had only been taught to sign her name; 
contradicted his light manner, but changed and raised the man. She was too much occupied then with fears for the brother who so little deserved her affection, and with Sydney’s friendly reassurances, adequately to 
prayers, the led cow, trying for a breakfast among the weeds at its The chateau awoke later, as became its quality, but awoke gradually and surely. First, the lonely boar-spears and knives of the chase had been 
girl glanced at the words, but made no sign. Now the boy began to draw something on the slate, hiding his work with his left hand. For a time the girl refused to notice; but her human curiosity presently began 
As for Peleg himself, he took it more like a philosopher; but for all his philosophy, there was a tear twinkling in his eye, when the lantern came too near. And he, too, did not a little run from cabin to 
brought them every two minutes to the banisters to ask Lily had Gabriel “O, Mr Conroy,” said Lily to Gabriel when she opened the door for him, “Miss Kate and Miss Julia thought you were never coming. 
of a Saturday night and see the crowds of live bipeds staring up at the long rows of dead quadrupeds. Does not that sight take a tooth out of the cannibal’s jaw? Cannibals? who is not a cannibal? I tell you it 
held his wife in that terrible and horrid position, with her mouth to the open wound in his breast. It interested me, even at that moment, to see, that, whilst the face of white set passion worked convulsively over 
purpose, by its own sheer inveteracy of will, forced itself against gods and devils into a kind of self-assumed, independent being of its own. Nay, could grimly live and burn, while the common vitality to which it 
Brevet, who is detained for I know not what, and who has been appointed turnkey of the house, because of good behavior. Mr. Mayor, no sooner had Champmathieu arrived than Brevet exclaims: 'Eh! Why, I know that man! 
‘One of us would be puzzled how to get old, Stephen, without ’t other getting so too, both being alive,’ she answered, laughing; ‘but, anyways, we’re such old friends, and t’ hide a word of honest truth fro’ one 
your watch. Peter struck true and deep. John clapped his hands on the ill-fated pirate’s mouth to stifle the dying groan. He fell forward. Four boys caught him to prevent the thud. Peter gave the signal, and the 
I prospectively ascribe all the honour and the glory to whaling; for a In behalf of the dignity of whaling, I would fain advance naught but substantiated facts. But after embattling his facts, an advocate who 
‘Pray, sir,’ returned Mrs. Sparsit, reproachfully, ‘let me beg you not to say that.  Your absence will make a vast difference to me, sir, as I ‘Well, ma’am, then you must get on in my absence as well as you can,’ 
‘It was,’ said Mr. Gradgrind.  ‘His daughter has gone to fetch him, but I can’t wait; therefore, if you please, I will leave a message for him with ‘You see, my friend,’ Mr. Bounderby put in, ‘we are the kind of people 
“Infected with the new doctrines,” said a third, eyeing the direction through his glass in passing; “set himself in opposition to the last Marquis, abandoned the estates when he inherited them, and left them to 
ever was known, abandoned his property to the vilest scum of the earth that ever did murder by wholesale, and you ask me why I am sorry that a man who instructs youth knows him? Well, but I’ll answer you. I am sorry 
myself? I am arrested; this Champmathieu is released; I am put back in the galleys; that is well--and what then? What is going on here? Ah! here is a country, a town, here are factories, an industry, workers, 
Thénardier lied, however. When he had leased this paltry building for the purpose of converting it into a tavern, he had found this chamber decorated in just this manner, and had purchased the furniture and 
Imperceptibly I became conscious of a change in Biddy, however. Her shoes came up at the heel, her hair grew bright and neat, her hands were always clean. She was not beautiful,--she was common, and could not be 
lies his business, which a Noah’s flood would not interrupt, though it overwhelmed all the millions in China. He lives on the sea, as prairie cocks in the prairie; he hides among the waves, he climbs them as 
He was saying the affectionate word, however, with a far more grudging condescension and patronage than he could have shown if their relative merits and positions had been reversed (which is invariably the case, 
epitaphs; this six-inch chapter is the stoneless grave of Bulkington. Let me only say that it fared with him as with the storm-tossed ship, that miserably drives along the leeward land. The port would fain 
daughter was six years old. How near to her heart the echoes of her child’s tread came, and those of her own dear father’s, always active and self-possessed, and those of her dear husband’s, need not be told. 
change of wind from a certain quarter of our marshes, when we came upon a man, slouching under the lee of the turnpike house. “Halloa!” we said, stopping. “Orlick there?” 
glare upon the pillared tree-trunks of their forest temple, and upon the When the last crisp slice of bacon was gone, and the last allowance of corn pone devoured, the boys stretched themselves out on the grass, 
more. If the Republic demands sacrifices from you, without doubt you as a good patriot will be happy to make them. The Republic goes before all. The People is supreme. Evremonde, we are pressed.” 
the deep stillness of the room were very solemn; as they brought into the boy's mind the thought that death had been hovering there, for many days and nights, and might yet fill it with the gloom and dread of his 
First, he asked if a man in England might have two solicitors or more. I told him he might have a dozen if he wished, but that it would not be wise to have more than one solicitor engaged in one transaction, as only 
'Stop, stop!  don't take him away!  For Heaven's sake stop a moment!' Although the presiding Genii in such an office as this, exercise a summary and arbitrary power over the liberties, the good name, the 
happened so to catch her fancy that she took it up in a low brooding voice as if she were singing in her sleep. After that, it became customary with us to have it as we moved about, and Estella would often 
idea that I was to be found anywhere. Drummle and I then sat snorting at one another for an hour, while the Grove engaged in indiscriminate contradiction, and finally the promotion of good feeling was declared to 
‘Yes, sir,’ rejoined Mrs. Sparsit.  ‘In my dependent relation towards ‘Quite an eternity!  I think he married Gradgrind’s daughter?’ ‘Yes,’ said Mrs. Sparsit, suddenly compressing her mouth, ‘he had 
my dear, depend upon it.  Make 'em your models, my dear. Make 'em your models,' tapping the fire-shovel on the hearth to add force to his words; 'do everything they bid you, and take their advice in all 
English Guards mutilated, twenty French battalions, besides the forty from Reille's corps, decimated, three thousand men in that hovel of Hougomont alone cut down, slashed to pieces, shot, burned, with their 
“There was a question just now, Mr. Jaggers, which you desired me to waive for a moment. I hope I am doing nothing wrong in asking it again?” I might have known that he would never help me out; but it took me aback 
mechanical substitute for the tender young imaginations that were to be ‘Girl number twenty,’ said Mr. Gradgrind, squarely pointing with his square forefinger, ‘I don’t know that girl.  Who is that girl?’ 
knuckles looked white. She did not flinch from the pain which I knew she must have suffered, but looked at him with eyes that were more appealing than ever. As she stopped speaking he leaped to his feet, almost tearing 
worked well, and Tom began to groan again. Sid yawned, stretched, then brought himself up on his elbow with a snort, and began to stare at Tom. Tom! Say, Tom! [No response.] Here, Tom! TOM! What is the matter, 
was first able to tell the time upon a dial-plate, from studying the steeple clock of St. Giles’s Church, London, under the direction of a drunken cripple, who was a convicted thief, and an incorrigible vagrant. 
farther end.  At the door of a house in this street, he knocked; having exchanged a few muttered words with the person who opened it, he walked A dog growled as he touched the handle of a room-door; and a man's 
the porochial orphans?  Are you aweer, Mrs. Mann, that you are, as I may say, a porochial delegate, and a stipendiary?' 'I'm sure Mr. Bumble, that I was only a telling one or two of the dear 
often and stayed a long time when she came. She was sitting beside his desk now in an aroma of perfumes, smoothing the handle of her umbrella and nodding the great black feather in her hat. Mr Alleyne had swivelled 
bell-boy? Strike the bell eight, thou Pip! thou blackling! and let me call the watch. I’ve the sort of mouth for that—the hogshead mouth. So, so, (thrusts his head down the scuttle,) Star-bo-l-e-e-n-s, a-h-o-y! 
‘Heaven’s mercy, woman!’ he cried, falling farther off from the figure. Such a woman!  A disabled, drunken creature, barely able to preserve her sitting posture by steadying herself with one begrimed hand on the floor, 
out at the hole and then helped her out; how they sat there and cried for gladness; how some men came along in a skiff and Tom hailed them and told them their situation and their famished condition; how the men 
What with the cries aboard the steamer, and the furious blowing off of her steam, and her driving on, and our driving on, I could not at first distinguish sky from water or shore from shore; but the crew of the 
him so--because it began another weeks slow suffering in school. He generally began that day with wishing he had had no intervening holiday, it made the going into captivity and fetters again so much more odious. 
while she remained here? To that she emphatically said “God forbid!” and It was impossible for me to avoid seeing that she cared to attract me; that she made herself winning, and would have won me even if the task 
the three tall masts was silently burning in that sulphurous air, like “Blast the boat! let it go!” cried Stubb at this instant, as a swashing sea heaved up under his own little craft, so that its gunwale 
Encouraging each other with such converse as this; but, keeping very close together, notwithstanding, and looking apprehensively round, whenever a fresh gust rattled through the boughs; the three men hurried 
darkness beneath, like a field of corn moved by an angry wind:  and joined from time to time in one loud furious roar. 'The tide,' cried the murderer, as he staggered back into the room, and 
We were all deeply persuaded that the unfortunate Wopsle had gone too far, and had better stop in his reckless career while there was yet The strange gentleman, with an air of authority not to be disputed, and 
that that is any excuse,--for I thought, coming from the country, you might like a little fruit after dinner, and I went to Covent Garden For a reason that I had, I felt as if my eyes would start out of my 
They had begun to feel anxious at the Naval Department, on account of the lack of news from that fatal frigate, _The Medusa_, which was destined to cover Chaumareix with infamy and Géricault with glory. 
as such, my maxim is, Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save the King!” Mr. Cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words 
eagerly over to kiss her; but at that instant Van Helsing, who, like me, had been startled by her voice, swooped upon him, and catching him by the neck with both hands, dragged him back with a fury of strength which 
this purpose in the course of five years, she had ended by renouncing the idea. However, who is there who has attained his ideal? Nothing is more easy to present to the imagination than the Bishop's 
took the skiff, and started off towing the raft about half-past three. I judged he wouldn’t come back that night.  I waited till I reckoned he had got a good start; then I out with my saw, and went to work on that 
o’ sickly air as had’n no need to be, an’ awlung o’ working people’s Louisa approached him; but he could not see her, lying with his face ‘If aw th’ things that tooches us, my dear, was not so muddled, I 
'Ain't you afraid of it, sir?  Ain't you a-trembling while I speak, An answer so different from the one he had expected to elicit, and was in the habit of receiving, staggered Mr. Bumble not a little.  He 
danger. But I shall precaution take. I shall give hypodermic injection of morphia." He proceeded then, swiftly and deftly, to carry out his intent. The effect on Lucy was not bad, for the faint seemed to merge 
my memory by only this one slender thread, I don’t know what they did, That I had a fever and was avoided, that I suffered greatly, that I often lost my reason, that the time seemed interminable, that I 
Whale, in case the monster should be seen; in his gibbering insanity, pronouncing the White Whale to be no less a being than the Shaker God incarnated; the Shakers receiving the Bible. But when, some year or two 
It is a witchery of social czarship which there is no withstanding. Now, if to this consideration you superadd the official supremacy of a ship-master, then, by inference, you will derive the cause of that 
Instantly the yards were squared, to the lively song of “Ho! the fair wind! oh-ye-ho, cheerly men!” the crew singing for joy, that so promising an event should so soon have falsified the evil portents 
ones. Famous clients of ours that got us a world of credit. This chap (why you must have come down in the night and been peeping into the inkstand, to get this blot upon your eyebrow, you old rascal!) murdered 
surprise which a man can still feel after a long life. "This is the first time since I have been here," said he, "that any one "Bienvenu Myriel? I have heard that name. Are you the man whom the 
acquainted with the streets, he recommenced his walk at random. In this way he came to the prefecture, then to the seminary. As he passed through the Cathedral Square, he shook his fist at the church. 
far from having harshly exacted payment of his dues, that he had relinquished them of his own will, thrown himself on a world with no favour in it, won his own private place there, and earned his own 
but that there was such a sister; beyond that, I knew nothing. Her inducement to come to me, relying on my confidence, had been the hope that I could tell her the name and place of abode. Whereas, to this 
up all right, by aid of a rope and steering with knowledge. Some went up only a few hours before. Godalming is an amateur fitter himself, and evidently it was he who put the launch in trim again. Finally, they got 
But suddenly reined back by some counter thought, he hurried towards the “East-sou-east, sir,” said the frightened steersman. “Thou liest!” smiting him with his clenched fist. “Heading East at 
‘Now I tell you what, Gradgrind!’ said Mr. Bounderby.  ‘Turn this girl to ‘Do it at once,’ said Bounderby, ‘has always been my motto from a child. When I thought I would run away from my egg-box and my grandmother, I did 
it. This is what I mean. If unmolested, upon rising to the surface, the Sperm Whale will continue there for a period of time exactly uniform with all his other unmolested risings. Say he stays eleven minutes, and 
a connivance, one might almost say a complicity, of events in his favor, which was equivalent to the invulnerability of antiquity. Nevertheless, when one has Bérésina, Leipzig, and Fontainebleau behind 
Presently, when the moon emerged again, Injun Joe was standing over the two forms, contemplating them. The doctor murmured inarticulately, gave a long gasp or two and was still. The half-breed muttered: 
number 50, so that one hesitated. Where was one? Above the door it said, "Number 50"; the inside replied, "no, Number 52." No one knows what dust-colored figures were suspended like draperies from the triangular 
Whale churning himself into furious speed, almost in an instant as it were, rushing among the boats with open jaws, and a lashing tail, offered appalling battle on every side; and heedless of the irons darted 
beneath. And yet, a coffin with a body in it rings pretty much the same, Carpenter. Hast thou ever helped carry a bier, and heard the coffin “Why, faith, sir, it’s only a sort of exclamation-like—that’s 
But being in a great hurry to resume scolding the man in the purple Shirt, who was waiting for it in the entry, and seeming to hear nothing but the word “clam,” Mrs. Hussey hurried towards an open door 
hillside--an opening shaped like a letter A. Its massive oaken door stood unbarred. Within was a small chamber, chilly as an icehouse, and walled by Nature with solid limestone that was dewy with a cold sweat. It was 
followed the man, with trembling limbs, to a small ante-chamber, lighted by a lamp from the ceiling. Here he left her, and retired. A STRANGE INTERVIEW, WHICH IS A SEQUEL TO THE LAST CHAMBER 
and talent in his own way, and of a very faithful disposition. He is discreet and silent, and has grown into manhood in my service. He shall be ready to attend on you when you will during his stay, and shall take 
“Ah! So much the worse! A bitter taste it is that such poor cattle always have in their mouths, and hard lives they live, Jacques. Am I “You are right, Jacques,” was the response of Monsieur Defarge. 
hand, and standing upon such a base as that, Flask seemed perched at the mast-head of some ship which had sunk to all but her trucks. But little King-Post was small and short, and at the same time little King-Post was 
which were washed every week, with straw mats in front of all the beds. Altogether, this dwelling, which was attended to by the two women, was exquisitely clean from top to bottom. This was the sole luxury which the 
had been carved out of dressed stone instead of being in rough masonry, The door was nothing but a collection of worm-eaten planks roughly bound together by cross-beams which resembled roughly hewn logs. It 
the corner-cupboard with the glass and china, the shells upon the chimney-piece, and the colored engravings on the wall, representing the death of Captain Cook, a ship-launch, and his Majesty King George the 
along so. I dogged em to the widders stile, and stood in the dark and heard the ragged one beg for the widder, and the Spaniard swear hed Huck had made another terrible mistake! He was trying his best to keep 
there was truth in every one of its thin and sharpened lineaments. 'Some mistake,' said Mr. Brownlow.  But, although his motive for looking steadily at Oliver no longer existed, the old idea of the 
gentlemen at this present moment walking through Coketown, and both eminently practical, who could, on occasion, furnish more tabular statements derived from their own personal experience, and illustrated by 
how poor Lucy was beset, and how her terrible doom was being wrought out. Jonathan and I have been working day and night since Professor Van Helsing saw us. He is gone to Whitby to get more information, and he 
me that Sir Martin Frobisher on his return from that voyage, when Queen Bess did gallantly wave her jewelled hand to him from a window of Greenwich Palace, as his bold ship sailed down the Thames; “when Sir 
there on the wreck.  We hustled it on to the raft in a pile, and I told Jim to float along down, and show a light when he judged he had gone about two mile, and keep it burning till I come; then I manned my oars 
terrified at the thought of what that death must have been to so many If there is anything terrible, if there exists a reality which surpasses dreams, it is this: to live, to see the sun; to be in full possession 
slid out, and as I passed the dining-room I thought I’d make sure them watchers hadn’t seen me; so I looked through the crack, and everything I slipped up to bed, feeling ruther blue, on accounts of the thing 
"To believe in things that you cannot. Let me illustrate. I heard once of an American who so defined faith: 'that faculty which enables us to believe things which we know to be untrue.' For one, I follow that man. 
he have had, whet his appetite only and enkeen his desire. Nay, it help him to grow as to his brain; for it all prove to him how right he was at the first in his surmises. He have done this alone; all alone! from a 
more applied herself to the green bottle, sat down on a low chair before the fire, and proceeded to dress the infant. What an excellent example of the power of dress, young Oliver Twist 
spring of clear cold water close by, and the boys made cups of broad oak or hickory leaves, and felt that water, sweetened with such a wildwood charm as that, would be a good enough substitute for coffee. While Joe 
dark and unknown otherwise--after the first sunrise when we are near that fateful place. There is much to be done, and other places to be made sanctify, so that that nest of vipers be obliterated." Here 
“You have been wonderfully quick,” her father retorted, with a vindictive politeness that was quite thrown away upon her. “Michael “Father first,” said Michael, who was of a suspicious nature. 
burden that is hard upon us. Till then we bear our Cross, as His Son did in obedience to His Will. It may be that we are chosen instruments of His good pleasure, and that we ascend to His bidding as that other 
you take, and what you talk about, and whether she--they, I mean--seem 'I would rather you did not mention it to them,' said Harry, hurrying over his words; 'because it might make my mother anxious to write to me 
(Dinah was the cat.) ‘I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no mice in the air, I’m afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that’s very 
grounds--the only grounds ever worth taking into account--it was a plain case, and had not a weak spot in it. He called himself for the plaintiff, there was no getting over his evidence, the counsel for 
difference now between man’s old age and matter’s. But aye, old mast, we both grow old together; sound in our hulls, though, are we not, my ship? Aye, minus a leg, that’s all. By heaven this dead wood has 
colder every hour, and there are snow-flurries which come and go as _Later._--It took all my courage to say good-bye to my darling. We may never meet again. Courage, Mina! the Professor is looking at you keenly; 
altar. He had a pointed thing, made of gold, on his head; it glittered in the bright light of midday. We were all ranged in lines on the three sides, with cannons with lighted matches facing us. We could not see 
steps? It would almost be worth while to complete the experiment. It might be done if there were only a sufficient cause. Men sneered at vivisection, and yet look at its results to-day! Why not advance science 
the windows:  white, with pictures painted on them of castles with vines all down the walls, and cattle coming down to drink.  There was a little old piano, too, that had tin pans in it, I reckon, and nothing was ever 
of seals, and some young seals that had lost their dams, or some dams that had lost their cubs, must have risen nigh the ship and kept company with her, crying and sobbing with their human sort of wail. But this 
‘Besides which, ma’am,’ resumed Bitzer, while he was polishing the table, ‘It’s ridiculous, ma’am,’ said Bitzer, ‘because the chances are against Whether it was that the heat prevented Mrs. Sparsit from working, or 
couldn’t finish it in time. He longed to execrate aloud, to bring his fist down on something violently. He was so enraged that he wrote Bernard Bernard instead of Bernard Bodley and had to begin again on a 
predicament by saying, "After all, he is some sort of an adventurer." We have seen that the country owed much to him; the poor owed him everything; he was so useful and he was so gentle that people had been 
leave that night if pap got drunk enough, and I reckoned he would.  I got so full of it I didn’t notice how long I was staying till the old man hollered and asked me whether I was asleep or drownded. 
them as we had found them to all appearance; but in each was a portion When we closed the door behind us, the Professor said solemnly:-- "So much is already done. If it may be that with all the others we can 
therefore, they were going to leave the ship’s stern unprovided with a buoy, when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg hinted a hint “A life-buoy of a coffin!” cried Starbuck, starting. 
not help it. And it maddened him to see, as he thought he saw, that Becky Thatcher never once suspected that he was even in the land of the living. But she did see, nevertheless; and she knew she was winning her 
Acting upon this suggestion, they adjourned to a neighbouring apartment, where Mr. Brittles, being called in, involved himself and his respected superior in such a wonderful maze of fresh contradictions 
besides,’ said the whelp bitterly, ‘she tells her own story so precious well—and so full—that what business had I to take it out of her mouth!’ ‘Say, young lady, if you please,’ pursued Rachael, ‘why, in an evil hour, 
Yet even when his eyes were opened on the mist and rain, on the moving patch of light from the lamps, and the hedge at the roadside retreating by jerks, the night shadows outside the coach would fall into the train 
ever interpose between us? _I_ know it well, but do you know it? In your Her father answered, with a cheerful firmness of conviction he could scarcely have assumed, “Quite sure, my darling! More than that,” he 
deserts and of griefs beneath the moon. The sun hides not the ocean, which is the dark side of this earth, and which is two thirds of this earth. So, therefore, that mortal man who hath more of joy than sorrow 
encounters. The police was very badly organized, moreover, because there was no love lost between the Prefect and the Mayor, who sought to injure each other by making things happen. It behooved wise people to play the 
there is a delicacy in it only equalled by the daintiness of the elephant’s trunk. This delicacy is chiefly evinced in the action of sweeping, when in maidenly gentleness the whale with a certain soft 
Rachael will coom then; and arterwards I’ll see thee safe t’ thy Travellers’ lodgin.  ’T may be long, Rachael, ere ever I ha th’ chance o’ They complied, and the three went on to the house where he lodged.  When 
whet he had taken as he came along, and discharging it to mingle with the waves of other beer, and gin, and tea, and coffee, and what not, that flowed at him, and already broke upon the great windows behind him 
Our readers have possibly preserved some recollection of this Thénardier woman, ever since her first appearance,--tall, blond, red, fat, angular, square, enormous, and agile; she belonged, as we have said, to the 
his aides and marshals in the van of countless cohorts that endlessly streamed it over the plains, like an Ohio; or whether with his circumambient subjects browsing all around at the horizon, the White 
turns and all together, until the very tide of the river on the bank of which the mad scene was acted, seemed to run mad, like the people on the They put him into a great chair they had among them, and which they had 
twenty-five cents apiece.”  The duke said that was _him_.  In another bill he was the “world-renowned Shakespearian tragedian, Garrick the Younger, of Drury Lane, London.”  In other bills he had a lot of other 
wreaked--to the maiming of limbs, or perhaps the loss of life--on the 'With a little persuasion,' thought Fagin, 'what more likely than that she would consent to poison him?  Women have done such things, and 
open-mouthed, raising the waves on all sides, and beating the sea before him into a foam.” —Tooke’s Lucian. “The True History.” “He visited this country also with a view of catching horse-whales, 
hour ago; he’ll be back any minute now. You must a met him on the road, “No, I didn’t see nobody, Aunt Sally.  The boat landed just at daylight, and I left my baggage on the wharf-boat and went looking around the town 
Though many of the whales, as has been said, were in violent motion, yet it is to be observed that as a whole the herd neither advanced nor retreated, but collectively remained in one place. As is customary in 
to be pitied as ever I see (not that I looked in the glass, for there warn’t many insides of furnished houses known to me), I got the name of being hardened. ‘This is a terrible hardened one,’ they says to prison 
that she forms conclusions of her own, and from all that has been I can guess how brilliant and how true they must be; but she will not, or cannot, give them utterance. I have mentioned this to Van Helsing, and 
and to tell the Jolly Bargemen that he was the founder of my fortunes When they were all gone, and when Trabb and his men--but not his Boy; I looked for him--had crammed their mummery into bags, and were gone too, 
M. Madeleine went to see her twice a day, and each time she asked him:-- "To-morrow, perhaps. She may arrive at any moment. I am expecting her." We have just said that she did not recover her health. On the contrary, 
with ... nearly. He still bought a copy of Reynolds’s Newspaper every week but he attended to his religious duties and for nine-tenths of the year lived a regular life. He had money enough to settle down on; it was 
“I merely want, Mr. Jaggers,” said I, “to assure myself that what I have been told is true. I have no hope of its being untrue, but at least I Mr. Jaggers nodded. “But did you say ‘told’ or ‘informed’?” he asked 
he had seen of the stern morality of the old gentleman's character. Whenever the Dodger or Charley Bates came home at night, empty-handed, he would expatiate with great vehemence on the misery of idle and lazy 
in Westmoreland Street asked was it true that Mac had won a bit over a billiard match. Lenehan did not know: he said that Holohan had stood He left his friends at a quarter to ten and went up George’s Street. 
them of their troubles. Then they began to lay their plans. Joe was for being a hermit, and living on crusts in a remote cave, and dying, some time, of cold and want and grief; but after listening to Tom, he 
remarked, directing her eyes to the ships again. “Who said it?” I was disconcerted, for I had broken away without quite seeing where I was going to. It was not to be shuffled off now, however, and I 
“Gets it the way people down here gets Congress-water--in barrels.  There in the palace at Sheffield they’ve got furnaces, and he wants his water hot.  They can’t bile that amount of water away off there at the sea. 
I closed my eyes in a languorous ecstasy and waited--waited with beating But at that instant, another sensation swept through me as quick as lightning. I was conscious of the presence of the Count, and of his 
He had meditated all night long; he had meditated all the day: he heard A quarter of an hour passed thus. At length he bowed his head, sighed with agony, dropped his arms, and retraced his steps. He walked slowly, 
annoying me so long; that terrible instinct which seemed to have divined me, which had divined me--good God! and which followed me everywhere; that frightful hunting-dog, always making a point at me, is thrown 
confounded impossible existences with my own identity; that I was a brick in the house-wall, and yet entreating to be released from the giddy place where the builders had set me; that I was a steel beam of a 
three feet high, for returning to the question, ‘What is the first principle of this science?’ the absurd answer, ‘To do unto others as I Mr. Gradgrind observed, shaking his head, that all this was very bad; 
have been oppressed by the hot exhausted air, and by the dust and grit that lay thick on everything. But I sat wondering and waiting in Mr. Jaggers’s close room, until I really could not bear the two casts on the 
and it always looks pretty on a summer morning--so I was having a good enough time seeing them hunt for my remainders if I only had a bite to eat. Well, then I happened to think how they always put quicksilver in 
asked if he had heard "voices" or "a voice," and he said he could not say; that at first it had seemed to him as if there were two, but as there was no one in the room it could have been only one. He could swear 
stayed even in the act, for “Boat ahoy!” rang over the lagoon in Hook’s voice, and this time it was not Peter who had spoken. Peter may have been about to crow, but his face puckered in a whistle of 
speechlessly quick chaotic bundling of a man into Eternity. But what then? Methinks we have hugely mistaken this matter of Life and Death. Methinks that what they call my shadow here on earth is my true 
own money in your pocket. She hoped they would have a nice evening. She was sure they would but she could not help thinking what a pity it was Alphy and Joe were not speaking. They were always falling out now but 
encountered, at such or such a time, or on such or such a meridian, a Sperm Whale of uncommon magnitude and malignity, which whale, after doing great mischief to his assailants, had completely escaped them; to 
leave of any one I know, about here, before I go away?” “No,” said he, looking as if he hardly understood me. “I don’t mean in the village only, but up town?” 
we must trust and hope. Poor Mina told me just now, with the tears running down her dear cheeks, that it is in trouble and trial that our faith is tested--that we must keep on trusting; and that God will aid us 
prisoner came on board the packet-ship in which I returned, and made the “In the dead of the night. Was he the only passenger who came on board “Never mind about ‘happening,’ Mr. Lorry. He was the only passenger who 
him, the noise of some vehicle, approaching at a furious pace.  Looking round, he saw that it was a post-chaise, driven at great speed; and as the horses were galloping, and the road was narrow, he stood leaning 
it in a twinkling with his teeth, and poured a portion of its contents down the patient's throat:  previously taking a taste, himself, to 'Give her a whiff of fresh air with the bellows, Charley,' said Mr. 
the low carlines; at every motion of his colossal limbs, making the low cabin framework to shake, as when an African elephant goes passenger in a ship. But for all this, the great negro was wonderfully abstemious, 
dreams, and that but dimly; but the like of whom now and then glide among the unchanging Asiatic communities, especially the Oriental isles to the east of the continent—those insulated, immemorial, unalterable 
judge, and I can show to the satisfaction of your cool reason, that he is a real and thorough bad one (which is more than possible), he shall be left to his fate, without any farther interference on my part, at 
So I went down to Quincey and took him into the breakfast-room, where the blinds were not drawn down, and which was a little more cheerful, or rather less cheerless, than the other rooms. When we were alone, he said 
but a page. It was appointed that the water should be locked in an eternal frost, when the light was playing on its surface, and I stood in ignorance on the shore. My friend is dead, my neighbour is dead, 
the diaries of Harker and the rest, and read them, and then find this great Un-Dead, and cut off his head and burn his heart or drive a stake _28 September._--It is wonderful what a good night's sleep will do for 
En I warn’t gwyne to show mysef on de bank in de daytime.” “Well, that’s so.  You’ve had to keep in the woods all the time, of course. Did you hear ‘em shooting the cannon?” 
old. They kept him in a dark place, like a cheese, until he had the full Tellson flavour and blue-mould upon him. Then only was he permitted to be seen, spectacularly poring over large books, and casting his breeches 
'Thank God!' said the old gentleman.  'This is great happiness to me, great happiness.  But you have not told me where he is now, Miss Maylie.  You must pardon my finding fault with you,--but why not have 
as an example to the young.” (I thought this pretty well in him who had been praising up the pork for being so plump and juicy.) “What is detestable in a pig is more detestable in a boy.” 
They were just emerging from a narrow court not far from the open square in Clerkenwell, which is yet called, by some strange perversion of terms, 'The Green': when the Dodger made a sudden stop; and, laying 
either. Standing at the door was a Jewish man with an unnatural heavy smear of eyebrow, who caught my eyes as we advanced, and said, when we “Mr. Waldengarver,” said the man, “would be glad to have the honor.” 
house, that they looked round involuntarily.  The bright gaslight over Mr. Bounderby’s steps showed them Mrs. Sparsit in the coach, in an ecstasy of excitement, struggling to open the door; Mrs. Sparsit seeing 
courteous message that he would give me any information in his power I thought it best to go down to Whitby and make, on the spot, such inquiries as I wanted. It was now my object to trace that horrid cargo 
“John,” Michael proposed, “let us wake her and get her to make supper for us,” but as he said it some of the other boys rushed on carrying branches for the building of the house. “Look at them!” he cried. 
“Pip’s a gentleman of fortun’ then,” said Joe, “and God bless him in Biddy dropped her work, and looked at me. Joe held his knees and looked at me. I looked at both of them. After a pause, they both heartily 
window. The room had already cleared and from the back room came the clatter of plates and knives. Those who still remained in the drawing-room seemed tired of dancing and were conversing quietly in 
any one else, for it was all very mysterious and not by any means Just before I was leaving, the old lady came up to my room and said in a "Must you go? Oh! young Herr, must you go?" She was in such an excited 
have been repaired!  There is no remorse so deep as that which is unavailing; if we would be spared its tortures, let us remember this, When he reached home Mrs. Maylie was sitting in the little parlour. 
knowledge--why do it? Without such it is monstrous." For answer he put his hand on my shoulder, and said, with infinite "Friend John, I pity your poor bleeding heart; and I love you the more 
mud, picked up for the purpose, and smeared over it. “Why do you write in the public streets? Is there--tell me thou--is there no other place In his expostulation he dropped his cleaner hand (perhaps accidentally, 
I handed him the file and he laid it down on the grass, it occurred to me he would have tried to eat it, if he had not seen my bundle. He did not turn me upside down this time to get at what I had, but left me 
dining with a party of whaling captains, on board a Nantucket ship in the harbor of Oahu, Sandwich Islands. Conversation turning upon whales, the Commodore was pleased to be sceptical touching the amazing strength 
act and think; and the hours of the day and the night are ours equally. In fact, so far as our powers extend, they are unfettered, and we are free to use them. We have self-devotion in a cause, and an end to 
unmurmuringly acquiesced. As for the men, though some of them lowly rumbled, their fear of Ahab was greater than their fear of Fate. But as ever before, the pagan harpooneers remained almost wholly unimpressed; 
leading right into it. ‘That’s very curious!’ she thought. ‘But everything’s curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.’ And in Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little 
Huck was in a close place--the inquiring eye was upon him--he would have given anything for material for a plausible answer--nothing suggested itself--the inquiring eye was boring deeper and deeper--a senseless 
beyond the fact that I was falling very ill. The late stress upon me had enabled me to put off illness, but not to put it away; I knew that it was coming on me now, and I knew very little else, and was even careless 
they refresh themselves when his special pabulum is plenty. But he cannot flourish without this diet; he eat not as others. Even friend Jonathan, who lived with him for weeks, did never see him to eat, never! 
rigorously exact, and will certainly awaken a very precise memory in the The niche was entirely filled by a thing which resembled a colossal and wretched door; it was a vast, formless assemblage of perpendicular 
Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, or Death, declared for victory or death against the world in arms; the black flag waved night and day from the great towers of Notre Dame; three hundred thousand men, summoned to rise 
I couldn’t tell how many was in it.  It kept a-coming, and when it was abreast of me I see there warn’t but one man in it.  Think’s I, maybe it’s pap, though I warn’t expecting him.  He dropped below me with the 
aught’s nailed to the mast it’s a sign that things grow desperate. Ha, ha! old Ahab! the White Whale; he’ll nail ye! This is a pine tree. My father, in old Tolland county, cut down a pine tree once, and found a 
was nothing more singular and disturbing than to see gayety become so suddenly extinct there, and meditation succeed to cheerfulness without any transition state. This sudden and sometimes severely accentuated 
round from time to time, and looked to see if he was being followed. All at once he caught sight of Thénardier. He plunged suddenly into the brushwood with Cosette, where they could both hide themselves. "The 
he came to the deck; it was then recounted to him by Flask, not unaccompanied with hinted dark meanings. He hollowly laughed, and thus Those rocky islands the ship had passed were the resort of great numbers 
changed to the Illinois edge of the island to see what luck I could have, and I warn’t disappointed.  A big double loaf come along, and I most got it with a long stick, but my foot slipped and she floated out 
I cherish the greatest respect towards everybody’s religious obligations, never mind how comical, and could not find it in my heart to undervalue even a congregation of ants worshipping a toad-stool; or 
the idea of following that "person" had occurred to him. But it was too late; the person was already in the thicket, night had descended, and Boulatruelle had not been able to catch up with him. Then he had 
was completely exhausted with what he had already said.  He soon fell into a gentle doze, from which he was awakened by the light of a candle:  which, being brought near the bed, showed him a gentleman with 
twenty mile around.  The woods was full of teams and wagons, hitched everywheres, feeding out of the wagon-troughs and stomping to keep off the flies.  There was sheds made out of poles and roofed over with 
a nurse.” Many a time it was Mr. Darling who put the handkerchief to “That fiend!” Mr. Darling would cry, and Nana’s bark was the echo of it, but Mrs. Darling never upbraided Peter; there was something in the 
very slight one, forced upon the prisoner in coaches, inns, and packets? No. Sure he saw the prisoner with these lists? Certain. Knew no more about the lists? No. Had not procured them himself, for instance? No. 
jack-knife, old Bildad, to my no small surprise, considering that he was such an interested party in these proceedings; Bildad never heeded us, but went on mumbling to himself out of his book, “Lay not up for 
could steer a ship, splice a rope, and all that, I made no doubt that from all I had heard I should be offered at least the 275th lay—that is, the 275th part of the clear net proceeds of the voyage, whatever 
me ten cents to help him pull a skiff over the river and back to fetch a sheep, and so I went along; but when we was dragging him to the boat, and the man left me a-holt of the rope and went behind him to shove him 
He made a sort of reverence to them by holding up his arms, and stood for the moment in that attitude; not speaking until they slowly dropped at ‘Monny’s the pleasant word as soom heer has spok’n wi’ me; monny’s the 
latitudes, the ship, with mild stun’sails spread, floated across the tranquil tropics, and, to all appearances, the old man’s delirium seemed left behind him with the Cape Horn swells, and he came forth from 
sideboard, and ate and drank, had a mattress which she owned brought in, and installed herself. This cross and pious old mother never spoke to Favourite, remained hours without uttering a word, breakfasted, dined, 
enhanced by the notoriety and mystery by this time associated all over the town with the Bank robbery, it would have lured the stragglers in, with an irresistible attraction, though the roof had been expected to 
was in her room, and I was in her prayers. Her life was active, cheerful, useful; but my poor history pervaded it all.” “I was that child, my father, I was not half so good, but in my love 
ever are the gates of heaven shut; for who shall open them to us again? We go on for all time abhorred by all; a blot on the face of God's sunshine; an arrow in the side of Him who died for man. But we are face 
would venture a lowering for them. You may think with what emotions, then, the seamen beheld this old Oriental perched aloft at such unusual hours; his turban and the moon, companions in one sky. But when, after 
indefinitely run away with his pursuers, as often happens. There was some apprehension, but no positive alarm, as yet. The recall signals were placed in the rigging; darkness came on; and forced to pick up her 
anything, and what I have done I do not in the least regret.’ ‘When I married, I found that my brother was even at that time heavily in debt.  Heavily for him, I mean.  Heavily enough to oblige me to sell some 
coarse hands and my common boots. My opinion of those accessories was not favorable. They had never troubled me before, but they troubled me now, as vulgar appendages. I determined to ask Joe why he had ever 
down on the ground under it, disposing himself upon his back, with his hands clasped upon his breast and holding his poor wilted flower. And thus he would die--out in the cold world, with no shelter over his 
viands being on table, I thought you might be tempted.’ ‘Thank’ee, Mrs. Sparsit,’ said the whelp.  And gloomily fell to. ‘How is Mr. Harthouse, Mr. Tom?’ asked Mrs. Sparsit. 
the water; a rakish-looking [speedy-looking] craft foul to the hull, every beam in her detestable, like ground strewn with mangled feathers. She was the cannibal of the seas, and scarce needed that watchful eye, 
Member of Parliament, and you know where to get it.  I am not your man. However, if I feel a little independent when I look around this table to-day, and reflect how little I thought of marrying Tom Gradgrind’s 
nature of their vocation, and especially by their pursuing their game in those frigid Polar Seas, on the very coasts of that Esquimaux country where the convivial natives pledge each other in bumpers of train oil. 
"This is what I can give into the hotch-pot." I could not but note the quaint legal phrase which she used in such a place, and with all seriousness. "What will each of you give? Your lives I know," she went 
had ever been my favorite fancy and my chosen friend? If I had taken ten times as many glasses of wine as I had, I should have known that he never had stood in that relation towards me, and should in my heart of 
mother found it, after a year of cunning search--ay, and found the 'No.  The people were poor and began to sicken--at least the man did--of their fine humanity; so she left it with them, giving them a 
I held on tight, while Mrs. Joe and Joe ran to him. I didn’t know how I had done it, but I had no doubt I had murdered him somehow. In my dreadful situation, it was a relief when he was brought back, and 
“The picturesque doctor’s daughter, Miss Manette.” “Why, man alive, she was the admiration of the whole Court!” “Rot the admiration of the whole Court! Who made the Old Bailey a judge 
calmly cooling himself with his own fan-like extremity. All whaleboats carry certain curious contrivances, originally invented by the Nantucket Indians, called druggs. Two thick squares of wood 
now is that you come with me, that you look and listen; and if when later I make the same request you do not be more eager for its fulfilment even than I am, then--then I shall do my duty, whatever it 
handsome offer: to let Wendy go to him for a week every year to do his spring cleaning. Wendy would have preferred a more permanent arrangement; and it seemed to her that spring would be long in coming; 
of which house the back commanded the ditch in manner already described--there were assembled three men, who, regarding each other every now and then with looks expressive of perplexity and expectation, 
It really did seem to impress him, to the utmost extent of his capacity of being impressed.  He looked at his informant for full a quarter of a minute, and appeared to have the surprise in his mind all the time.  ‘I 
creatures called the passers-by. This practice of filling up corners of This mass was about five feet in height; the space above the summit of this mass which it was necessary to climb was not more than fourteen 
The lower subdivided part, called the junk, is one immense honeycomb of oil, formed by the crossing and recrossing, into ten thousand infiltrated cells, of tough elastic white fibres throughout its whole 
back to it, he now lay for a moment slowly feeling with his flukes from side to side; and whenever a stray oar, bit of plank, the least chip or crumb of the boats touched his skin, his tail swiftly drew back, and 
understanding. He was a broadshouldered loose-limbed swarthy fellow of great strength, never in a hurry, and always slouching. He never even seemed to come to his work on purpose, but would slouch in as if by mere 
Nothing more happened on the passage worthy the mentioning; so, after a Nantucket! Take out your map and look at it. See what a real corner of the world it occupies; how it stands there, away off shore, more lonely 
often very effective. It at once reduced Mr. Sowerberry to begging, as a special favour, to be allowed to say what Mrs. Sowerberry was most curious to hear.  After a short duration, the permission was most 
my knowledge of that dog, that that man wath dead—and buried—afore that dog come back to me.  Joth’phine and Childerth and me talked it over a long time, whether I thould write or not.  But we agreed, “No.  There’th 
night, with tea and sundries, in the kitchen.  Not that it was Mr. Giles's habit to admit to too great familiarity the humbler servants: towards whom it was rather his wont to deport himself with a lofty 
when the witness was there, and that no power on earth could prevent its I imparted to Mr. Jaggers my design of keeping him in ignorance of the fate of his wealth. Mr. Jaggers was querulous and angry with me for 
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I’d nearly forgotten that I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great 
speckled. In life but few of them would have helped the whale, I ween, if peradventure he had needed it; but upon the banquet of his funeral they most piously do pounce. Oh, horrible vultureism of earth! from 
massive bolts drawn back. A key was turned with the loud grating noise Within, stood a tall old man, clean shaven save for a long white moustache, and clad in black from head to foot, without a single speck 
handkerchief, such as the Invalides use, was folded into a fichu, and concealed her figure clumsily. Her hands were sunburnt and all dotted with freckles, her forefinger was hardened and lacerated with the 
days. God pity me! Look down on a poor soul in worse than mortal peril; and in mercy pity those to whom she is dear!" Then she began to rub her As she was telling her terrible story, the eastern sky began to quicken, 
sure, have noticed, no matter how we might have tried to conceal it; but in this way she is greatly changed during the past three weeks. The lethargy grows upon her, and though she seems strong and well, and is 
When I asked the man who came to the door for the "depite," he shook his head, and said: "I dunno 'im. There ain't no such a person 'ere; I never 'eard of 'im in all my bloomin' days. Don't believe there ain't nobody 
a train for those who have attained eminence in it. There is no power which has not its dependents. There is no fortune which has not its court. The seekers of the future eddy around the splendid present. Every 
I summon your brother, the worst of the bad race, to answer for them separately. I mark this cross of blood upon him, as a sign that I do “Twice, he put his hand to the wound in his breast, and with his 
corruption was connected with the victory; it appears as though generals and not battles had been won, and the conquering soldier returned humiliated. A debasing war, in short, in which the _Bank of France_ 
taste, the upper part of her stem-piece was carved in the likeness of a huge drooping stalk, was painted green, and for thorns had copper spikes projecting from it here and there; the whole terminating in a 
advantage of the opportunity to bring his allocution to a close with "Elle était de ce monde ou coucous et carrosses Et, rosse, elle a vécu ce que vivant les rosses, 
alive, and ever come of age.  If it were a girl, it was to inherit the money unconditionally; but if a boy, only on the stipulation that in his minority he should never have stained his name with any public act 
side, Starbuck and Stubb, the mates, armed with their long spades, began cutting a hole in the body for the insertion of the hook just above the nearest of the two side-fins. This done, a broad, semicircular line is 
helpless could be kept in.  She had positively refused to take to her bed; on the ground that if she did, she would never hear the last of it. Her feeble voice sounded so far away in her bundle of shawls, and the 
there was something comic in his distraught way, as though it would have been downright ludicrous but for his own perception that it was very near being so. When he had talked with me a little, he said to Mrs. 
rises, but it has not got up to my table-lands yet. Quick, and see to it.—By masts and keels! he takes me for the hunch-backed skipper of some coasting smack. Send down my main-top-sail yard! Ho, gluepots! 
words of sympathy and encouragement, we sat down to consider the The chair that Provis had occupied still remaining where it had stood,--for he had a barrack way with him of hanging about one spot, in 
rigging. All the numerous implements which have been in use are likewise faithfully cleansed and put away. The great hatch is scrubbed and placed upon the try-works, completely hiding the pots; every cask is out of 
gaiety nor mirth, not the bright voluptuousness of much sunshine and sparkling waters which please the young and gay. I am no longer young; and my heart, through weary years of mourning over the dead, is not 
don’t blame them for it, either.  It ain’t no crime in a prisoner to steal the thing he needs to get away with, Tom said; it’s his right; and so, as long as we was representing a prisoner, we had a perfect right to 
Now he make his most effort to escape us. At present he want her not. "He is sure with his so great knowledge that she will come at his call; but he cut her off--take her, as he can do, out of his own power, that 
And so on.  You couldn’t make out what the preacher said any more, on account of the shouting and crying.  Folks got up everywheres in the crowd, and worked their way just by main strength to the mourners’ 
She was beautiful in the two ways--style and rhythm. Style is the form We have said that Fantine was joy; she was also modesty. To an observer who studied her attentively, that which breathed from 
Only tell me just one thing--only just one--please! Was it Tom Sawyer The widow burst into tears. Hush, hush, child, hush! Ive told you before, you must _not_ talk. You are very, very sick! 
strenuous exertions of Starbuck and Stubb—one engaged forward and the other aft—the shivered remnants of the jib and fore and main-top-sails were cut adrift from the spars, and went eddying away to leeward, like 
under very similar circumstances to the first performance; but this time he did not breast out the line; and hence, when the whale started to run, Pip was left behind on the sea, like a hurried traveller’s trunk. 
knew what to do with him. I bought him. I harnessed him to a carriage. That is what he wanted, sir; he is as gentle as a girl; he goes like the wind. Ah! indeed he must not be mounted. It does not suit his ideas to 
tin-ware. The fences was made of different kinds of boards, nailed on at different times; and they leaned every which-way, and had gates that didn’t generly have but one hinge--a leather one. Some of the fences 
to be drawn to the grave by the two piebald ponies—cried, ‘Father, hush! she has come back!’  Then came Sissy Jupe, running into the room as she had run out of it.  And when she saw them all assembled, and saw their 
“Both! both!—it is both!”—cried Daggoo again with a joyful shout; and soon after, Queequeg was seen boldly striking out with one hand, and with the other clutching the long hair of the Indian. Drawn 
But blanched to a corpse’s hue with despair, the Mate had stolen away. Ahab crossed the deck to gaze over on the other side; but started at two reflected, fixed eyes in the water there. Fedallah was motionlessly 
whale—a boy-harpooneer of eighteen! Forty—forty—forty years ago!—ago! Forty years of continual whaling! forty years of privation, and peril, and storm-time! forty years on the pitiless sea! for forty 
walked in silence towards the tram; but here she began to tremble so violently that, fearing another collapse on her part, he bade her good-bye quickly and left her. A few days later he received a parcel 
highly complacent tone, ‘Oh!  I have picked up a little since.  I don’t deny that.  But I have done it myself; no thanks to the governor.’ ‘My intelligent sister is about where she was.  She used to complain to 
curiosity; and I says to myself, Tom Sawyer wouldn’t back out now, and so I won’t either; I’m a-going to see what’s going on here.  So I dropped on my hands and knees in the little passage, and crept aft 
full of lightnings, was a harsh speaker of truths. When he cried, _'Sinite parvulos,'_ he made no distinction between the little children. It would not have embarrassed him to bring together the Dauphin of 
curiosity a very strange, enigmatical object, which you would have seen there, lying along lengthwise in the lee scuppers. Not the wondrous cistern in the whale’s huge head; not the prodigy of his unhinged 
reasons for hovering in a furtive way about the station by which a passenger would arrive from Yorkshire, and for preferring to peep into it round pillars and corners, and out of ladies’ waiting-room windows, to 
impulse, a result of what is called in statics, _acquired force?_ It was that, and it was also, perhaps, even less than that. Let us say it simply, it was not he who stole; it was not the man; it was the beast, 
I have heard from Miss Louisa that you still preserve that bottle.  Well! If your training in the science of arriving at exact results had been more successful, you would have been wiser on these points.  I will say 
'do you mean to sell me, or to let me lie here till this hunt is over?' 'You may stop here, if you think it safe,' returned the person Sikes carried his eyes slowly up the wall behind him:  rather trying to 
times when by various rascals he was spirited away?  Did he see any faint reflection of his own image making a vain-glorious will, whereby five-and-twenty Humbugs, past five-and-fifty years of age, each taking 
boiling as I was, I felt that we could not go a word further, without introducing Estella’s name, which I could not endure to hear him utter; and therefore I looked stonily at the opposite wall, as if there were 
Well, thats so. I didnt think of that. Oh, I know what the matter is! What a blamed lot of fools we are! You got to find out where the shadow of the limb falls at midnight, and thats where you dig! 
my hands to the wheel when my strength begins to fail, and along with them I shall tie that which He--It!--dare not touch; and then, come good wind or foul, I shall save my soul, and my honour as a captain. I am 
indescribably coarse, stupid, and frightened about him. At the sound made by the opening door, people had drawn aside to make way for him; the President had turned his head, and, understanding that 
it’s in the likeness of the wickedest man aboard.” “Had he a hook, captain?” asked Cookson insolently; and one after another took up the cry, “The ship’s doomed!” At this the children could 
him more scantily than ever; and often when he had thrown himself upon it no longer than a few minutes, he had got up again, and haunted that On a day in August, when Mr. Stryver (after notifying to his jackal 
bring that about for themselves in the fulness of time, and if we step in to forestall them, it seems to me that we shall be performing a very Quixotic act, in direct opposition to our own interest--or at least to 
associations begun, in her case, at an early age.  I ask you—ignorantly and humbly, my daughter—for the better, do you think?’ ‘Father,’ she replied, without stirring, ‘if any harmony has been 
his birthright for a mess of pottage existed, and Judas Iscariot existed, Here, a brief press and confusion near the stage, ended in the man himself standing at the orator’s side before the concourse.  He was pale 
talking, thus, for a quarter of an hour or more, when Monks--by which name the Jew had designated the strange man several times in the course of their colloquy--said, raising his voice a little, 
Jim’s chin off, den _whah_ is de glory?  No, sah, I doan’ want no sich “Blame it, can’t you _try_?  I only _want_ you to try--you needn’t keep “But de trouble all _done_ ef de snake bite me while I’s a tryin’ him. 
The sound came steadily nearer; and in advance of it came this ghastly thought, “The crocodile is about to board the ship!” Even the iron claw hung inactive; as if knowing that it was no intrinsic 
a procedure notwithstanding, which, in some instances, only seems to tickle them into still greater activity. But it was not thus in the present case with the Pequod’s sharks; though, to be sure, any man 
absent conquering Earls, the golden helmeted suns! For sleeping man, ‘twas hard to choose between such winsome days and such seducing nights. But all the witcheries of that unwaning weather did not merely 
Pigeon House. We were reassured: and I brought the first stage of the plot to an end by collecting sixpence from the other two, at the same time showing them my own sixpence. When we were making the last 
body-guards, with their clarions at their head, were descending the Avenue de Neuilly; the white flag, showing faintly rosy in the setting sun, floated over the dome of the Tuileries. The Place de la Concorde, 
These thoughts worked their dim way through Hucks mind, and under the weariness they gave him he fell asleep. The widow said to herself: There--hes asleep, poor wreck. Tom Sawyer find it! Pity but somebody 
they're respectable people, eh?  Ha! ha! ha! I'm your man.' 'I knew you would be,' cried Fagin, elated by the success of his 'Of course, of course,' replied Noah.  'Where is she? Where am I to 
body, rushed to the fresh blood that was spilled, thirstily drinking at every new gash, as the eager Israelites did at the new bursting At last his spout grew thick, and with a frightful roll and vomit, he 
were beasts, where there were spectres, possibly. She took a good look, and heard the beasts walking on the grass, and she distinctly saw spectres moving in the trees. Then she seized her bucket again; fear had 
of victory to sleep in the bed of the vanquished. They established their bivouac beyond Rossomme. The Prussians, let loose on the retreating rout, pushed forward. Wellington went to the village of Waterloo to draw 
the sand with each foot in a cod’s decapitated head, looking very Supper concluded, we received a lamp, and directions from Mrs. Hussey concerning the nearest way to bed; but, as Queequeg was about to precede 
it, that if the jet is fairly spouted into your eyes, it will blind you. The wisest thing the investigator can do then, it seems to me, is to let Still, we can hypothesize, even if we cannot prove and establish. My 
how much like an old Mesopotamian family these whalemen may, in some primitive instances, live together; for all that, the punctilious externals, at least, of the quarter-deck are seldom materially relaxed, 
by yells and execrations from the crew. Tranquilly permitting these irregular cursings to evaporate, Stubb then in a plain, business-like, but still half humorous manner, cursed Pip officially; and that done, 
But Wendy, who saw that they must break the joyous news more gently, had “Let us all slip into our beds, and be there when she comes in, just as And so when Mrs. Darling went back to the night-nursery to see if her 
sinking fast; he might die at any moment. I looked up at the Professor and caught his eyes fixed on mine. His face was sternly set as he "There is no time to lose. His words may be worth many lives; I have 
over him to show where he lies. Otherwise, the place will be quickly forgotten, it will never be found when I am dead of the same malady, I shall be laid under some other heap of poor grass. Monseigneur, they 
One of the letters was directed to Samuel F. Billington, No. 7, The Crescent, Whitby, another to Herr Leutner, Varna; the third was to Coutts & Co., London, and the fourth to Herren Klopstock & Billreuth, 
elephant in a state of melancholy madness.  It contained several large streets all very like one another, and many small streets still more like one another, inhabited by people equally like one another, who all went 
we had bound ourselves to sail; and a hundred other shadowy things. I was resolved to satisfy myself whether this ragged Elijah was really dogging us or not, and with that intent crossed the way with Queequeg, 
began to grow wearisome, and by little and little we found ourselves sitting up; the clothes well tucked around us, leaning against the head-board with our four knees drawn up close together, and our two 
“So was I, Herbert, when the blow first fell. Still, something must be done. He is intent upon various new expenses,--horses, and carriages, and lavish appearances of all kinds. He must be stopped somehow.” 
few inches beneath them by the cords. By very heedful management, when the ship drew nigh, the whale was transferred to her side, and was strongly secured there by the stiffest fluke-chains, for it was plain 
things not properly belonging to the room, there was a hammock lashed up, and thrown upon the floor in one corner; also a large seaman’s bag, containing the harpooneer’s wardrobe, no doubt in lieu of a land 
“Is my benefactor to be made known to me to-day?” “Is that confidence to be imparted to me soon?” “Waive that, a moment,” said Mr. Jaggers, “and ask another.” 
for a parmacetty, and mighty quick, Captain Ahab?” “And he have one, two, three—oh! good many iron in him hide, too, Captain,” cried Queequeg disjointedly, “all twiske-tee be-twisk, 
was in the way, they said. When the workmen passed in the morning, they beheld this poor little being seated on the pavement, overcome with drowsiness, and often fast asleep in the shadow, crouched down and 
you want to enjoy yourself properly you must go to Paris. And, mind you, they’ve a great feeling for the Irish there. When they heard I was Little Chandler took four or five sips from his glass. 
you speak of it in that way, that it was mere professional claptrap, I don’t know that I cared what became of you, when I rendered it.--Mind! I say when I rendered it; I am speaking of the past.” 
“Well, then, what did you want to kill him for?” “Why, nothing--only it’s on account of the feud.” “Why, where was you raised?  Don’t you know what a feud is?” 
"Help!" cried old Fauchelevent. "Who will be good and save the old man?" "They have gone for the nearest, to Flachot's place, where there is a farrier; but it makes no difference; it will take a good quarter of an 
which, being filled with various garments of good fashion and texture, carefully preserved between two layers of old newspapers, speckled with dried lavender: seemed to yield him exceeding satisfaction.  Arriving, 
long; but it was trodden down nowhere, save where their own feet had crushed it.  The sides and brinks of the ditches were of damp clay; but in no one place could they discern the print of men's shoes, or the 
and began. When he entered the kitchen presently, with both eyes shut and groping for the towel with his hands, an honorable testimony of suds and water was dripping from his face. But when he emerged from 
round the loggerhead; so also, just before reaching that point, it blisteringly passed through and through both of Stubb’s hands, from which the hand-cloths, or squares of quilted canvas sometimes worn at 
Week followed week; these two beings led a happy life in that hovel. Cosette laughed, chattered, and sang from daybreak. Children have their It sometimes happened that Jean Valjean clasped her tiny red hand, all 
“Have to burst it open,” said I, and was running down the entry a little, for a good start, when the landlady caught at me, again vowing I should not break down her premises; but I tore from her, and with a 
approaching; besides this, he was in the shadow. Finally, there were two doors; perhaps they might be forced. The wall above which he saw the linden-tree and the ivy evidently abutted on a garden where he could, at 
that but offers to jump from this boat I stand in, that thing I harpoon. Ye are not other men, but my arms and my legs; and so obey But he looked too nigh the boat; for as if bent upon escaping with the 
undergrown men, and when they are almost men, like overgrown boys.  The woman was young, but of a robust and hardy make, as she need have been to bear the weight of the heavy bundle which was strapped to her back. 
I laid on my oars, and looked back and see her go and smell around the wreck for Miss Hooker’s remainders, because the captain would know her uncle Hornback would want them; and then pretty soon the ferryboat give 
as they possibly can without falling in. And there they stand—miles of them—leagues. Inlanders all, they come from lanes and alleys, streets and avenues—north, east, south, and west. Yet here they all unite. 
by others the effect, of the dyspepsia in the whale. How to cure such a dyspepsia it were hard to say, unless by administering three or four boat loads of Brandreth’s pills, and then running out of harm’s way, 
While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat. When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon, While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl, 
hysterics. He has denied to me since that it was hysterics, and insisted that it was only his sense of humour asserting itself under very terrible conditions. He laughed till he cried, and I had to draw down 
There were two buyers directly, and more of the listeners plainly hesitated.  The vendor observing this, increased in loquacity. 'It's all bought up as fast as it can be made,' said the fellow. 'There 
“Don’t you what _me_, you impudent thing--hand out them letters.” “_Them_ letters.  I be bound, if I have to take a-holt of you I’ll--” “They’re in the trunk.  There, now.  And they’re just the same as they 
from him; while near by, from the arched and overhanging rigging, where they had just been engaged securing a spar, a number of the seamen, arrested by the glare, now cohered together, and hung pendulous, like a 
and followed him. As she passed through the doorway she stopped and Kathleen followed her mother meekly. Mr Holohan began to pace up and down the room, in order to cool himself for he felt his skin on fire. 
that, they seemed careless what communication I might hold with her; as if--the thought passed through my mind--I were dying too. “I always observed that their pride bitterly resented the younger 
their own, to go on a tasting cruise to the remote waters of Japan. That ship—well called the “Syren”—made a noble experimental cruise; and it was thus that the great Japanese Whaling Ground first became 
in all things winning admiration, had made such wonderful advance, that I seemed to have made none. I fancied, as I looked at her, that I slipped hopelessly back into the coarse and common boy again. O 
at the corner with his hand in mine, were the two-and-thirty men and women; some defiant, some stricken with terror, some sobbing and weeping, some covering their faces, some staring gloomily about. There 
of power enthroned on their distress. The raggedest nightcap, awry on the wretchedest head, had this crooked significance in it: “I know how hard it has grown for me, the wearer of this, to support life in myself; 
than all the hopes I have renounced, measured a thousandfold.  This is 'It's a trying thing waiting supper for lovers,' said Mr. Grimwig, waking up, and pulling his pocket-handkerchief from over his head. 
heart that was all of hope. God be thanked she was not, yet, of them. I seized some of the firewood which was by me, and holding out some of the Wafer, advanced on them towards the fire. They drew back before me, and 
The style of this reply, as well as the voice which delivered it, seemed familiar to Oliver's ears:  but it was impossible to distinguish 'Let's have a glim,' said Sikes, 'or we shall go breaking our necks, or 
now and weep, as I think of them placid each in her full sleep of death for a short moment ere fading. For, friend John, hardly had my knife severed the head of each, before the whole body began to melt away and 
and found myself, to my great surprise, exchanging a broad stare with a pale young gentleman with red eyelids and light hair. This pale young gentleman quickly disappeared, and reappeared beside me. 
The next morning after breakfast I went down to look at the little house in Great Britain Street. It was an unassuming shop, registered under the vague name of Drapery. The drapery consisted mainly of children’s 
part owner in her. So when they were working that evening at the pumps, there was on this head no small gamesomeness slily going on among them, as they stood with their feet continually overflowed by the rippling 
“What is it that your husband says in that little letter?” asked Madame Defarge, with a lowering smile. “Influence; he says something touching “That my father,” said Lucie, hurriedly taking the paper from her 
than ever because they had seen him unbend. He broke into the villainous To terrorize the prisoners the more, though with a certain loss of dignity, he danced along an imaginary plank, grimacing at them as he 
white waistcoat?  Ah! he went to heaven last week, in a oak coffin with 'Come, sir,' said Mr. Grimwig, tartly; 'suppress your feelings.' 'I will do my endeavours, sir,' replied Mr. Bumble.  'How do you do, 
only good thing I had done, and the only completed thing I had done, since I was first apprised of my great expectations. Clarriker informing me on that occasion that the affairs of the House 
As before, the attentive ship having descried the whole fight, again came bearing down to the rescue, and dropping a boat, picked up the floating mariners, tubs, oars, and whatever else could be caught at, and 
romance of my life is told, ere I go back to take up the thread of my The neighbourhood of Hampstead is just at present exercised with a series of events which seem to run on lines parallel to those of what 
This vicious assumption of honesty in dishonesty—a vice so dangerous, so deadly, and so common—seemed, he observed, a little to impress her in his favour.  He followed up the advantage, by saying in his pleasantest 
alighted. A little knot of people collected on the footpath to pay homage to the snorting motor. The party was to dine together that evening in Ségouin’s hotel and, meanwhile, Jimmy and his friend, 
clouds formed at the summit of the sky a sort of whitish arch, whence a The earth was thus better lighted than the sky, which produces a particularly sinister effect, and the hill, whose contour was poor and 
her motherly help. For, Clara has no mother of her own, Handel, and no “No, no,” said Herbert, “that’s my name for him. His name is Mr. Barley. But what a blessing it is for the son of my father and mother to love a 
catching him when he is not surrounded by these people.  For, suppose he were apprehended, we have no proof against him.  He is not even (so far as we know, or as the facts appear to us) concerned with the gang 
He was exactly the same as ever, and Wendy saw at once that he still had He was a little boy, and she was grown up. She huddled by the fire not “Hullo, Wendy,” he said, not noticing any difference, for he was 
would know without asking.  He said it was all done by enchantment.  He said there was hundreds of soldiers there, and elephants and treasure, and so on, but we had enemies which he called magicians; and they had 
As Mr. Bumble spoke, he made a melancholy feint of grasping his lantern with fierce determination; and plainly showed, by the alarmed expression of every feature, that he _did_ want a little rousing, and 
cow. I see through it. Some ninny has taken a fancy to the mother." He replied with a very well drawn-up bill for five hundred and some odd francs. In this memorandum two indisputable items figured up over three 
yours. Give me back my house; you are at home here." On the following day the thirty-six patients were installed in the Bishop's palace, and the Bishop was settled in the hospital. 
now, but to write fully to Mr. Hawkins in secret, and also to Mina, for to her I could write in shorthand, which would puzzle the Count, if he did see it. When I had written my two letters I sat quiet, reading a 
sitting beside the Queen. It is Defarge whom you see here, who, at the hazard of his life, darted out before the horses, with the petition in “And once again listen, Jacques!” said the kneeling Number Three: 
share; thinking, in my daydreams, how I would remind you, in that happy moment, of the many silent tokens I had given of a boy's attachment, and claim your hand, as in redemption of some old mute contract that 
with new emotion. But God be thanked, that soul-wail of my dear Madam Mina had not died out of my ears; and, before the spell could be wrought further upon me, I had nerved myself to my wild work. By this time I had 
The garden was deserted. Behind the first tree I found a man standing upright. I said to this man, 'What garden is this? Where am I?' The man "I strolled into the village, and perceived that it was a town. All 
“You gettee in,” he added, motioning to me with his tomahawk, and throwing the clothes to one side. He really did this in not only a civil but a really kind and charitable way. I stood looking at him a moment. 
and seeing that his attention was otherwise engaged, nodded to me again when I had taken my seat, and then rubbed his leg--in a very odd way, as “You was saying,” said the strange man, turning to Joe, “that you was a 
“Yes, sir, if the weather holds and the wind sets tolerable fair. The tide will serve pretty nicely at about two in the afternoon, sir. Bed, “I shall not go to bed till night; but I want a bedroom, and a barber.” 
minute or so, in silence.  Whilst he was watching the patient thus, the younger lady glided softly past, and seating herself in a chair by the bedside, gathered Oliver's hair from his face.  As she stooped over 
men were in that dire extremity; humbly beseeching pardon, as I did, of Heaven; melted at heart, as I was, by the thought that I had taken no farewell, and never now could take farewell of those who were dear to 
thyself again, and do thee no more hurt.  Anyways we will hope so now. And now I shall keep silence, for I want thee to sleep.’ He closed his eyes, more to please her than to rest his weary head; but, 
bank for some time without speaking I saw a man approaching from the far end of the field. I watched him lazily as I chewed one of those green stems on which girls tell fortunes. He came along by the bank slowly. He 
something desperate might be.  Picking up his hat, he looked towards 'Certainly, my dear, certainly,' rejoined Mr. Bumble, making a quicker motion towards the door.  'I didn't intend to--I'm going, my dear!  You 
head, and reached higher than that. In this attitude the White Whale now shook the slight cedar as a mildly cruel cat her mouse. With unastonished eyes Fedallah gazed, and crossed his arms; but the 
table before her. Miss Skiffins’s composure while she did this was one of the most remarkable sights I have ever seen, and if I could have thought the act consistent with abstraction of mind, I should have 
into the cabin, and did not come forward again until morning. Though, in overseeing the pursuit of this whale, Captain Ahab had evinced his customary activity, to call it so; yet now that the creature 
squadrons. Quiot retreats before Vivian, Kellermann before Vandeleur, Lobau before Bülow, Morand before Pirch, Domon and Subervic before Prince William of Prussia; Guyot, who led the Emperor's squadrons to the 
“You know, old chap,” said Joe, looking at me, and not at Mrs. Joe, with his bite still in his cheek, “I Bolted, myself, when I was your age--frequent--and as a boy I’ve been among a many Bolters; but I never 
sunset on the windows of St. Mary's Church at Whitby. I knew, too, the red scar on his forehead where Jonathan had struck him. For an instant my heart stood still, and I would have screamed out, only that I was 
a year! Ill sleep all day and Ill stand watch all night. In Ben Rogers hayloft. He lets me, and so does his paps nigger man, Uncle Jake. I tote water for Uncle Jake whenever he wants me to, and any 
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, ‘Now, what am I to do with this creature when I get it home?’ when it grunted again, so violently, that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could 
cried Mr. Jaggers, waving his forefinger to stop me as I made a show of protesting: “it’s likely enough that you think you wouldn’t, but you would. You’ll excuse me, but I know better than you. Now, take this 
“On the lee-beam, about two miles off! a school of them!” The Sperm Whale blows as a clock ticks, with the same undeviating and reliable uniformity. And thereby whalemen distinguish this fish from 
drawer, and two porters, and several maids and the landlady, were all loitering by accident at various points of the road between the Concord and the coffee-room, when a gentleman of sixty, formally dressed in a 
Therefore she was not surprised when one day Mr Holohan came to her and proposed that her daughter should be the accompanist at a series of four grand concerts which his Society was going to give in the Antient 
this--ha, ha!--beats everything past, present, and to come.” “Now understand me,” pursued Mr. Lorry. “As a man of business, I am not justified in saying anything about this matter, for, as a man of 
a part of the universal problem of all things. The mark they thus leave on the whale, may best be likened to the hollow made by a carpenter in Though amid all the smoking horror and diabolism of a sea-fight, sharks 
of bottles, and wore-out tin things, and all such truck, and scratched around and found an old tin washpan, and stopped up the holes as well as we could, to bake the pie in, and took it down cellar and stole it full 
considered along with the affirmative fact of his prodigious bulk and power, you can best form to yourself the truest, though not the most exhilarating conception of what the most exalted potency is. 
about after him, though it was rather undignified. Now, if Peter had ever quite had a mother, he no longer missed her. He could do very well without one. He had thought them out, and remembered 
and then go rumbling, grumbling, tumbling, down the sky towards the under side of the world, like rolling empty barrels down stairs--where it’s long stairs and they bounce a good deal, you know. 
adding insult to injury, is it? Look at your knife-handle, there, my civilized and enlightened gourmand dining off that roast beef, what is that handle made of?—what but the bones of the brother of the very ox 
from some one who speak without thought because she, too, know not what it mean--what it _might_ mean. Just as there are elements which rest, yet when in nature's course they move on their way and they touch--then 
up to me by Miss Havisham on account of her not being sure of your address. She tells me that she wants to see you on a little matter of business you mentioned to her. You’ll go down?” 
“Carton,” said his friend, squaring himself at him with a bullying air, as if the fire-grate had been the furnace in which sustained endeavour was forged, and the one delicate thing to be done for the old Sydney 
one case occurred to ships in violent storms. The magnetic energy, as developed in the mariner’s needle, is, as all know, essentially one with the electricity beheld in heaven; hence it is not to be much 
when she saw the state his clothes were in her resolution to turn his Saturday holiday into captivity at hard labor became adamantine in its SATURDAY morning was come, and all the summer world was bright and 
off; and, as they walked pretty briskly, they soon arrived at Chertsey. 'Slap through the town,' whispered Sikes; 'there'll be nobody in the Toby acquiesced; and they hurried through the main street of the little 
quiet pause was audibly expressive of people out of breath, and holding the breath, and having the pulses quickened by expectation. The sound of a horse at a gallop came fast and furiously up the hill. 
good fat account at the bank or she won’t do for me.” “Why, man alive,” said Ignatius Gallaher, vehemently, “do you know what it is? I’ve only to say the word and tomorrow I can have the 
to another vessel near by, some vessel with a whale for a figure-head; and, I would add, possibly called “The Whale,” as some craft are nowadays christened the “Shark,” the “Gull,” the “Eagle.” 
pleasure-houses of the last century were to be met with there, to be sure, which were recognizable by their grand air, their balconies in twisted iron, and their long windows, whose tiny panes cast all sorts 
in any of their robberies. If he were not discharged, it is very unlikely that he could receive any further punishment than being committed to prison as a rogue and vagabond; and of course ever 
‘Bounderby,’ urged Mr. Gradgrind, ‘this is unreasonable.’ ‘Is it?’ said Bounderby.  ‘I am glad to hear you say so.  Because when Tom Gradgrind, with his new lights, tells me that what I say is 
disappointed, I didn’t know why.  But at last, just as I was sailing by, _flash_ comes the light in Mary Jane’s window! and my heart swelled up sudden, like to bust; and the same second the house and all was behind 
Miss Havisham continued to look steadily at me. I could see in the action of Estella’s fingers as they worked that she attended to what I “I have found out who my patron is. It is not a fortunate discovery, 
the levelled tube. But, mastering his emotion, he half calmly rose, and as he quitted the cabin, paused for an instant and said: “Thou hast outraged, not insulted me, sir; but for that I ask thee not to beware of 
word, however, and Miss Pross, exploring the depths of her reticule through her tears with great difficulty paid for her wine. As she did so, Solomon turned to the followers of the Good Republican Brutus 
“Quite my opinion,” said Drummle, “and what I should have suggested myself, or done--more likely--without suggesting. But don’t lose your temper. Haven’t you lost enough without that?” 
inclinations. Theerfore, think no more of it as betwixt two sech, and do not let us pass remarks upon onnecessary subjects. Biddy giv’ herself a deal o’ trouble with me afore I left (for I am almost awful dull), as I 
lookout, and not be surprised, and not let Nat see him open them; and we would put small things in uncle’s coat-pockets and he must steal them out; and we would tie things to aunt’s apron-strings or put them in her 
Tootles did not flinch. He bared his breast. “Strike, Peter,” he said Twice did Peter raise the arrow, and twice did his hand fall. “I cannot strike,” he said with awe, “there is something stays my hand.” 
After breakfast, the bridegroom addressed them in the following terms: ‘Ladies and gentlemen, I am Josiah Bounderby of Coketown.  Since you have done my wife and myself the honour of drinking our healths and happiness, 
been the history of this unfortunate gentleman, the Doctor of Beauvais.” “I can bear anything but the uncertainty you leave me in at this “You speak collectedly, and you--_are_ collected. That’s good!” (Though 
are losing time. The Count may come to Piccadilly earlier than we "Do you forget," he said, with actually a smile, "that last night he Did I forget! shall I ever--can I ever! Can any of us ever forget that 
unprosperous as to awaken a strong suspicion in his breast that Mrs. Cruncher must have been “flopping” in some pointed manner, when an unusual concourse pouring down Fleet-street westward, attracted his 
the other, as if each silent grief were insular and incommunicable. The chaplain had not yet arrived; and there these silent islands of men and women sat steadfastly eyeing several marble tablets, with black borders, 
the nonsense that ignorant jurymen talk, they'd have enough to do.' 'Very true,' said the undertaker; 'they would indeed.' 'Juries,' said Mr. Bumble, grasping his cane tightly, as was his wont 
him go free? Let him profit by the means as I found out? Let him make a tool of me afresh and again? Once more? No, no, no. If I had died at the bottom there,” and he made an emphatic swing at the ditch with his 
too, piled up perfectly exact, on each corner of the table.  One was a big family Bible full of pictures.  One was Pilgrim’s Progress, about a man that left his family, it didn’t say why.  I read considerable in it 
from time to time exclaimed, with a wave of his hand, “Don’t know yah!” Words cannot state the amount of aggravation and injury wreaked upon me by Trabb’s boy, when passing abreast of me, he pulled up his 
those who were cut to pieces. One prisoner there was, he said, who had been discharged into the street free, but at whom a mistaken savage had thrust a pike as he passed out. Being besought to go to him and dress 
up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches. The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo: she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under 
a solution now. The way the others received it, too, puzzled me; the last time we talked of the subject we agreed that there was to be no more concealment of anything amongst us. Mina is sleeping now, calmly 
Chitling; and who, having lingered on the stairs to exchange a few gallantries with the lady, now made his appearance. Mr. Chitling was older in years than the Dodger: having perhaps 
Well, it _is_ strange that I who gave birth to her, and was a woman then, should be alive and merry now, and she lying there: so cold and stiff!  Lord, Lord!--to think of it; it's as good as a play--as good as 
what I love you for doing; but what at the same time would put the cravat round your throat, that's so very easily tied and so very difficult to unloose--in plain English, the halter!' 
“Warning not to be attracted by you, do you mean, Estella?” “Do I mean! If you don’t know what I mean, you are blind.” I should have replied that Love was commonly reputed blind, but for the 
ought to be able to see the old man and the child. He looked as far as his vision reached, and saw nothing. He made fresh inquiries, but he had wasted time. Some passers-by informed him that the man and child of whom 
“I hope, sir,” pleaded the abashed Mr. Cruncher, “that a gentleman like yourself wot I’ve had the honour of odd jobbing till I’m grey at it, would think twice about harming of me, even if it wos so--I don’t say it 
conventional prefix. When an individual has revolutionised therapeutics by his discovery of the continuous evolution of brain-matter, conventional forms are unfitting, since they would seem to limit him to 
part of their own police, and to guard themselves well, and care must be taken to duly close, bar and barricade their houses, and to _fasten the Madame Magloire emphasized these last words; but the Bishop had just 
and sweetly like a little child. Her lips are curved and her face beams with happiness. Thank God, there are such moments still for her. _Later._--How strange it all is. I sat watching Mina's happy sleep, and 
“Why, if it ain’t your footstool!” cried Flopson. “And if you keep it under your skirts like that, who’s to help tumbling? Here! Take the Mrs. Pocket acted on the advice, and inexpertly danced the infant a 
the memorable time when he had revealed his own desolate heart to it--outwatched the awful night. He entered the courtyard and remained there for a few moments alone, looking up at the light in the window of 
hasn’t got any lightning-rod at all in a storm? Don’t you see, you timber-head, that no harm can come to the holder of the rod, unless the mast is first struck? What are you talking about, then? Not one ship in 
placed a seat for him; and officiously deposited his cocked hat and cane on the table before him.  Mr. Bumble wiped from his forehead the perspiration which his walk had engendered, glanced complacently at the 
suspicion upon me, that if Joe had been coming to see him, he wouldn’t However, I came into town on the Monday night to be ready for Joe, and I got up early in the morning, and caused the sitting-room and 
and wild angles, rose in a vault, like the entrance of a cavern. A few paces apart, crouching down upon the threshold of the hostelry, the mother, not a very prepossessing woman, by the way, though touching 
Defarge closed the door carefully, and spoke in a subdued voice: “Jacques One, Jacques Two, Jacques Three! This is the witness encountered by appointment, by me, Jacques Four. He will tell you all. 
the long line of the opulent Spanish provinces on the Pacific coast. It was the whaleman who first broke through the jealous policy of the Spanish crown, touching those colonies; and, if space permitted, it 
published by the journals of that day, a few months after the surprising These articles are rather summary. It must be remembered, that at that epoch the _Gazette des Tribunaux_ was not yet in existence. 
Well, I warn’t long making him understand I warn’t dead.  I was ever so glad to see Jim.  I warn’t lonesome now.  I told him I warn’t afraid of _him_ telling the people where I was.  I talked along, but he only set 
forks (including carvers), spoons (various), saltcellars, a meek little muffin confined with the utmost precaution under a strong iron cover, Moses in the bulrushes typified by a soft bit of butter in a quantity of 
he could be a doctor; but no, I thought; he couldn’t be a doctor, or he would have a quieter and more persuasive manner. There was not much time to consider the subject, for we were soon in Miss Havisham’s room, where 
I broke out crying and begging pardon, and hugged Joe round the neck: who dropped the poker to hug me, and to say, “Ever the best of friends; When this little interruption was over, Joe resumed:-- 
cicatrised. Everything is, however, now reopened; and what is to be the end God only knows. I have an idea that Van Helsing thinks he knows, too, but he will only let out enough at a time to whet curiosity. He 
nothing of my fate--for I cannot write--and if I could, how should I “What I have been thinking as we came along, and what I am still thinking now, as I look into your kind strong face which gives me so 
“Not much boiling down to be done to-night, Memory,” said Mr. Stryver, The lion then composed himself on his back on a sofa on one side of the drinking-table, while the jackal sat at his own paper-bestrewn table 
remarkably free and agreeable in their manners, Oliver thought them very nice girls indeed.  As there is no doubt they were. The visitors stopped a long time. Spirits were produced, in consequence 
‘Get to your places!’ shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game 
responsibility for him who attempts its steep cliffs. Human meditation has no limits. At his own risk and peril, it analyzes and digs deep into its own bedazzlement. One might almost say, that by 
Slowly Hook let his head emerge from his ruff, and listened so intently that he could have caught the echo of the tick. There was not a sound, “Then here’s to Johnny Plank!” he cried brazenly, hating the boys more 
force stones and bricks out of their places in walls. Every pulse and heart in Saint Antoine was on high-fever strain and at high-fever heat. Every living creature there held life as of no account, and was demented 
a trifle short of the wearer’s expectation. But after I had had my new suit on some half an hour, and had gone through an immensity of posturing with Mr. Pumblechook’s very limited dressing-glass, in the 
I do not see one wolf immolating himself for the happiness of another wolf. Let us stick to nature, then. We are at the top; let us have a superior philosophy. What is the advantage of being at the top, if 
“Since your change of fortune and prospects, you have changed your “And necessarily,” she added, in a haughty tone; “what was fit company for you once, would be quite unfit company for you now.” 
The two men looked at one another as Mr. Jaggers waved them behind again, and humbly fell back and were heard no more. “And now you!” said Mr. Jaggers, suddenly stopping, and turning on 
“Why didn’t you remind him?” said Mr O’Connor. “Well, I couldn’t go over while he was talking to Alderman Cowley. I just waited till I caught his eye, and said: ‘About that little matter 
peel upon the staircase, I'll eat my head, and his too.' 'No, no, he has not had one,' said Mr. Brownlow, laughing. 'Come!  Put 'I feel strongly on this subject, sir,' said the irritable old 
she does not even hear me, that blond maid of Chimeras! as for the rest, everything about her is freshness, suavity, youth, sweet morning light. O Fantine, maid worthy of being called Marguerite or Pearl, you are a 
“My goodness, and she so well only last week!  Is she took bad?” “It ain’t no name for it.  They set up with her all night, Miss Mary Jane said, and they don’t think she’ll last many hours.” 
wanted a cat; and I was prepared to see the collapse into the same sullen acquiescence on this occasion. My expectation was not realised, for, when he found that his appeal would not be successful, he got into 
yourself better than we can describe it. Enough. Will you please to “I could do nothing but comply, and I entered it in silence. They both entered after me--the last springing in, after putting up the steps. The 
this admirable volume, all standers of mast-heads are furnished with a charmingly circumstantial account of the then recently invented crow’s-nest of the Glacier, which was the name of Captain Sleet’s 
also--that the Sabbath morning might be half spent before Mrs. Thatcher The children fastened their eyes upon their bit of candle and watched it melt slowly and pitilessly away; saw the half inch of wick stand alone 
of them have any but the most vague ideas concerning its true nature and form; notwithstanding, they believe it to furnish to the sperm whale his only food. For though other species of whales find their food above 
down, and it’ll take him off at a rattling pathe.  If my dog leth thith young man thtir a peg on foot, I give him leave to go.  And if my horthe ever thtirth from that thpot where he beginth a danthing, till the 
I took the liberty of saying that we thanked him, but we didn’t want seeing home. He received that piece of information with a yell of laughter, and dropped back, but came slouching after us at a little 
“Quick, I say, you Bildad, and get the ship’s papers. We must have Hedgehog there, I mean Quohog, in one of our boats. Look ye, Quohog, we’ll give ye the ninetieth lay, and that’s more than ever was given 
company of these Continentals. At the control Ségouin had presented him to one of the French competitors and, in answer to his confused murmur of compliment, the swarthy face of the driver had disclosed a line of 
“No, we _didn’t_.  We never seen any marks at all.” Well, everybody _was_ in a state of mind now, and they sings out: “The whole _bilin_’ of ‘m ‘s frauds!  Le’s duck ‘em! le’s drown ‘em! 
“My friend, I will die, perpetuating the system under which I have When he had said it, he took a culminating pinch of snuff, and put his “Better to be a rational creature,” he added then, after ringing a small 
would watch her in all her goodness and charity abroad, and the smiling untiring discharge of domestic duties at home; I would paint her and her dead sister's child happy in their love for one another, and 
metropolis has its staff of officials. Every bishop who possesses the least influence has about him his patrol of cherubim from the seminary, which goes the round, and maintains good order in the episcopal palace, 
"The first thing is to see how many of the boxes are left; we must then examine every hole and corner and cranny and see if we cannot get some clue as to what has become of the rest." A glance was sufficient to show 
sword in a scabbard, several strange-looking boxes and packages, and two dreadful casts on a shelf, of faces peculiarly swollen, and twitchy about the nose. Mr. Jaggers’s own high-backed chair was of deadly black 
questions why on earth I was going to play at Miss Havisham’s, and what Mr. Pumblechook’s premises in the High Street of the market town, were of a peppercorny and farinaceous character, as the premises of a 
a whale in the Northern seas; and when indeed they (the plaintiffs) had succeeded in harpooning the fish; they were at last, through peril of their lives, obliged to forsake not only their lines, but their boat 
it to its latest use. For I believed one of two other persons to have become possessed of it, and to have turned it to this cruel account. Either Orlick, or the strange man who had shown me the file. 
all the facts, and we can then better enter on our inquisition. Keep them safe, for there is in them much of treasure. You will need all your faith, even you who have had such an experience as that of to-day. What 
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as ‘Well!’ thought Alice to herself, ‘after such a fall as this, I shall 
and poured his brandy out: no one else taking any. The wretched man trifled with his glass,--took it up, looked at it through the light, put it down,--prolonged my misery. All this time Mrs. Joe and Joe were 
household as exactly as if her husband had been there. Everything had its appointed place and its appointed time. Little Lucie she taught, as regularly, as if they had all been united in their English home. The 
that the owner of the property declines to prosecute. Let this be a lesson to you, my man, or the law will overtake you yet.  The boy is 'D--n me!' cried the old gentleman, bursting out with the rage he had 
the starry archipelagoes; for not only do they believe that the stars are isles, but that far beyond all visible horizons, their own mild, uncontinented seas, interflow with the blue heavens; and so form the 
There was a break in his voice, as if for a moment he recalled innocent days when--but he brushed away this weakness with his hook. Smee, much impressed, gazed at the bird as the nest was borne past, but 
The king he visited around in the evening, and sweetened everybody up, and made himself ever so friendly; and he give out the idea that his congregation over in England would be in a sweat about him, so he must 
“When you were talking to Lucie,” Mr. Lorry repeated. “Yes. I wonder you are not ashamed to mention the name of Lucie! Wishing you were going to “However, I am not going,” said Charles Darnay, with a smile. “It is 
Herbert and I went on from bad to worse, in the way of increasing our debts, looking into our affairs, leaving Margins, and the like exemplary transactions; and Time went on, whether or no, as he has a way of doing; 
tail and it will amaze you. And you will say to me, 'Ah! Mon Dieu!' and I will say to you: 'Yes, Madame, it is my little girl. Little girls are In the meantime, the drinkers had begun to sing an obscene song, and 
already made Charles Darnay restless, and which still kept him so. Among the talkers, was Stryver, of the King’s Bench Bar, far on his way to state promotion, and, therefore, loud on the theme: broaching 
Here the position of affairs had not at all improved.  Sowerberry had not yet returned, and Oliver continued to kick, with undiminished vigour, at the cellar-door.  The accounts of his ferocity as related by 
for the equator. In good time the order came. It was hard upon high noon; and Ahab, seated in the bows of his high-hoisted boat, was about taking his wonted daily observation of the sun to determine his 
It may be worth while, therefore, previously to advert to those curious imaginary portraits of him which even down to the present day confidently challenge the faith of the landsman. It is time to set the 
First: What is a Fast-Fish? Alive or dead a fish is technically fast, when it is connected with an occupied ship or boat, by any medium at all controllable by the occupant or occupants,—a mast, an oar, a nine-inch 
we presently did, in a gloomy street, at certain offices with an open The coachman answered, “A shilling--unless you wish to make it more.” “Then it must be a shilling,” observed the coachman. “I don’t want to 
could think of sitting in that place under existing circumstances, often as she had had the honour of making Mr. Bounderby’s breakfast, before Mrs. Gradgrind—she begged pardon, she meant to say Miss Bounderby—she 
bad company, and giving up all the information he could agen me, and warn’t it me as got never a word but Guilty? And when I says to Compeyson, ‘Once out of this court, I’ll smash that face of yourn!’ 
“Oh, you could never guess!” she cried, and offered him three guesses. “Out with it!” he shouted, and in one ungrammatical sentence, as long as the ribbons that conjurers [magicians] pull from their mouths, she told 
over her head, and muffling her arms in it, stood at the door, listening with breathless interest.  The moment the noise ceased, she glided from the room; ascended the stairs with incredible softness and 
quaint wig by a pair of moist bright eyes that it must have cost their owner, in years gone by, some pains to drill to the composed and reserved expression of Tellson’s Bank. He had a healthy colour in his 
thousand dollars apiece--all gold.  It was an awful sight of money when it was piled up.  Well, Judge Thatcher he took it and put it out at interest, and it fetched us a dollar a day apiece all the year 
a cloud, there is something of the meteor. God has passed by. At nightfall, in a meadow near Genappe, Bernard and Bertrand seized by the skirt of his coat and detained a man, haggard, pensive, sinister, 
a new cap, and a new pair of shoes, to be provided for him.  As Oliver was told that he might do what he liked with the old clothes, he gave them to a servant who had been very kind to him, and asked her to sell 
My terror, as I lay there, of falling ill, and being unfitted for to-morrow, was so besetting, that I wonder it did not disable me of itself. It would have done so, pretty surely, in conjunction with the 
and escorted her to the conveyance in question, shedding many plaintive ‘Now, as you showed me in your face, Tom Gradgrind, that you wanted to speak to me,’ he resumed, ‘here I am.  But, I am not in a very agreeable 
“Well; and a little bit of him. That sausage you toasted was his, and he was in all respects a first-rater. Do try him, if it is only for old acquaintance sake. Good-bye, Aged Parent!” in a cheery shout. 
carrying out his virtuous precepts to an unusual extent. At length, one morning, Oliver obtained the permission he had so eagerly sought. There had been no handkerchiefs to work upon, for two 
even for his own work. Even you would not, I dare be sworn, be able to "There you are right," I said. "I know no more than the dead where even to look for them." Then we drifted into other matters. 
git aroun’ it _dis_ time.  But it’s awluz jis’ so; people dat’s _sot_, stays sot; dey won’t look into noth’n’en fine it out f’r deyselves, en when _you_ fine it out en tell um ‘bout it, dey doan’ b’lieve you.” 
there’th two comic black thervanth twithe ath big ath the houthe, to thtand by it and to bring it in and clear it; and the Giant (a very ecthpenthive bathket one), he an’t on yet.  Now, do you thee ’em all?’ 
night, in the sleeping house. And her thoughtfulness! If the night was anyway cold or wet or windy there was sure to be a little tumbler of punch ready for him. Perhaps they could be happy together.... 
of emotions of an hour before. From what had it proceeded? From his aunt’s supper, from his own foolish speech, from the wine and dancing, the merry-making when saying good-night in the hall, the pleasure of the 
one, to a great dromedary that of a sudden rose bodily to the surface, and for an instant threatened to swamp us. “Hard down with your tail, there!” cried a second to another, which, close to our gunwale, seemed 
turned, winking. I had no time for verification, no time for selection, no time for anything, for I had no time to spare. I stole some bread, some rind of cheese, about half a jar of mincemeat (which I tied up in 
I suppose I must acknowledge the same; though, as you all know me, and know what I am, and what my extraction was, you won’t expect a speech from a man who, when he sees a Post, says “that’s a Post,” and when he 
But she was on my mind and Tom was on my mind, so I slept very restless. And twice I went down the rod away in the night, and slipped around front, and see her setting there by her candle in the window with her 
and butter, and a plate.  In a frying-pan, which was on the fire, and which was secured to the mantelshelf by a string, some sausages were cooking; and standing over them, with a toasting-fork in his hand, was 
by the tail for knockers to the road-side door. When the porter is sleepy, the anvil-headed whale would be best. But these knocking whales are seldom remarkable as faithful essays. On the spires of some 
tearing the picture sure. I wouldnt say a word, not to save his life! Tom took his whipping and went back to his seat not at all broken-hearted, for he thought it was possible that he had unknowingly 
it home in that manner; the shortness of the season in those Icy Seas, and the sudden and violent storms to which they are exposed, forbidding any other course. The consequence is, that upon breaking into the hold, 
clumsiest casks and see to their stowage. To be short, among whalemen, Poor Queequeg! when the ship was about half disembowelled, you should have stooped over the hatchway, and peered down upon him there; where, 
you do not like. I will give all the money you require. You shall be honest and happy once more. And listen! I declare to you that if all is as you say,--and I do not doubt it,--you have never ceased to be 
his subsequent ocean life, and the sight of many unclad, lovely island creatures, round the Horn—all that had not moved this native born Quaker one single jot, had not so much as altered one angle of his 
broomstick, every now and then.  _She_ watches the place a whole day before this fellow begins, and on the night when you saw him, she steals away with him and holds a council with him—I suppose, to make her report 
head of the column of cuirassiers reared up with a frightful clamor. On arriving at the culminating point of the crest, ungovernable, utterly given over to fury and their course of extermination of the squares and 
that hour we both saw—thou know’st what, in one another’s eyes. But in this matter of the whale, be the front of thy face to me as the palm of this hand—a lipless, unfeatured blank. Ahab is for ever Ahab, 
tried later on and cashiered, had turned bridle in the presence of the fray, and had fled to the forest of Soignes, sowing defeat all the way to Brussels. The transports, ammunition-wagons, the baggage-wagons, the 
Tom, I reck’n, but she wouldn’t be wuth half de trouble she’d coss.” “Don’t you believe it.  We’ll fetch you a little one and you plant it in the corner over there, and raise it.  And don’t call it mullen, call it 
turns out that the schooner is a Russian from Varna, and is called the _Demeter_. She is almost entirely in ballast of silver sand, with only a small amount of cargo--a number of great wooden boxes filled with mould. 
easily navigated, but the Sereth is, at Fundu, joined by the Bistritza which runs up round the Borgo Pass. The loop it makes is manifestly as When I had done reading, Jonathan took me in his arms and kissed me. The 
This willingness to interrogate encouraged Madame Magloire; it seemed to her to indicate that the Bishop was on the point of becoming alarmed; "Yes, Monseigneur. That is how it is. There will be some sort of 
had dreamed at all that night. Before she answered, that sweet, puckered look came into her forehead, which Arthur--I call him Arthur from her habit--says he loves; and, indeed, I don't wonder that he does. Then she 
should disturb her." The Professor smiled, and looked quite jubilant. He "Aha! I thought I had diagnosed the case. My treatment is working," to "You must not take all the credit to yourself, doctor. Lucy's state this 
the air was full of them in a twinkling. They raged around Sid like a hail-storm; and before Aunt Polly could collect her surprised faculties and sally to the rescue, six or seven clods had taken personal effect, 
revels there awhile, still in tantalizing vicinity to young Lothario, like pious Solomon devoutly worshipping among his thousand concubines. Granting other whales to be in sight, the fishermen will seldom give 
I wanted the _adventure_ of it; and I’d a waded neck-deep in blood If she warn’t standing right there, just inside the door, looking as sweet and contented as an angel half full of pie, I wish I may never! 
and forge; and as I came up, one of the two warders (the postboy) knocked at the door,--implying that I was far too much exhausted by grief to have strength remaining to knock for myself. 
a tongue. Again, the Right Whale has two external spout-holes, the Sperm Look your last, now, on these venerable hooded heads, while they yet lie together; for one will soon sink, unrecorded, in the sea; the other will 
If ever the _sic vos non vobis_ was applicable, it certainly is to that village of Waterloo. Waterloo took no part, and lay half a league from the scene of action. Mont-Saint-Jean was cannonaded, Hougomont was 
“And a very vile one. When that wicked king was slain, the dogs, did “Come hither to me—hither, hither,” said Peleg, with a significance in his eye that almost startled me. “Look ye, lad; never 
passed in and out at every doorway, looked from every window, fluttered in every vestige of a garment that the wind shook. The mill which had worked them down, was the mill that grinds young people old; the 
what Mr Shelley says, sir. You have always some excuse or another for shirking work. Let me tell you that if the contract is not copied before this evening I’ll lay the matter before Mr Crosbie.... Do you hear me 
would come back to dinner. The old wintry branches of chandeliers in the room where the mouldering table was spread had been lighted while we were out, and Miss Havisham was in her chair and waiting for me. 
concert with peaked flukes. As it seemed to me at the time, such a grand embodiment of adoration of the gods was never beheld, even in Persia, the home of the fire worshippers. As Ptolemy Philopater testified of 
agent--if any physiognomist had known his secret and long-cherished aversion for M. Madeleine, his conflict with the mayor on the subject of Fantine, and had examined Javert at that moment, he would have said to 
round my neck. Whether it is the old lady's fear, or the many ghostly traditions of this place, or the crucifix itself, I do not know, but I am not feeling nearly as easy in my mind as usual. If this book should 
two or three times like a person that’s got a dry throat, and then says: “I hain’t ever done you no harm.  You know that.  So, then, what you “I hain’t come back--I hain’t been _gone_.” 
horizontally, just beneath the upper surface of his head, and a little to one side; this curious canal is very much like a gas-pipe laid down in a city on one side of a street. But the question returns whether this 
your clothes; better ain’t to be got! And your books too,” turning his eyes round the room, “mounting up, on their shelves, by hundreds! And you read ‘em; don’t you? I see you’d been a reading of ‘em when I come 
considerable portion of the building had already sunk down into the water; while the remainder, tottering and bending over the dark stream, seemed to wait a favourable opportunity of following its old companion, 
Javert remained silent for an instant as though collecting his ideas, then raised his voice with a sort of sad solemnity, which did not, "This is the matter, Mr. Mayor; a culpable act has been committed." 
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘--where’s the Duchess?’ ‘Hush! Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon 
again. “You would have been disposed of for so many shillings according to the market price of the article, and Dunstable the butcher would have come up to you as you lay in your straw, and he would have whipped you 
resolved, if his door were broken in (he was a small Southern man of retaliative temperament), to pitch himself head foremost over the Probably, Monsieur Gabelle passed a long night up there, with the 
under my eyes. School and home seemed to recede from us and their We crossed the Liffey in the ferryboat, paying our toll to be transported in the company of two labourers and a little Jew with a bag. 
this; if it warn’t so, I wouldn’t approve of it, nor I wouldn’t stand by and see the rules broke--because right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain’t got no business doing wrong when he ain’t ignorant and 
if you try any more of your tricks aboard here; so mind your eye.” But it so happened just then, that it was high time for the Captain to mind his own eye. The prodigious strain upon the main-sail had parted 
A bright idea came into Alice’s head. ‘Is that the reason so many ‘Yes, that’s it,’ said the Hatter with a sigh: ‘it’s always tea-time, and we’ve no time to wash the things between whiles.’ 
will not--not even at Tellson’s--have it characterised for me by any “Granted. Thank you. Well, Mr. Stryver, I was about to say:--it might be painful to you to find yourself mistaken, it might be painful to Doctor 
And so with trust and hope, and yet full of fear, we go eastward to meet our friends--and _him_--whom Madam Mina tell me that she _know_ are _6 November._--It was late in the afternoon when the Professor and I 
was a cousin,--an indigestive single woman, who called her rigidity religion, and her liver love. These people hated me with the hatred of cupidity and disappointment. As a matter of course, they fawned upon 
left terminates in an ornamental pilaster facing towards the Thames. At this point the lower steps widen:  so that a person turning that angle of the wall, is necessarily unseen by any others on the stairs 
instance, Mr. M’Choakumchild was explaining to us about Natural ‘National, I think it must have been,’ observed Louisa. ‘Yes, it was.—But isn’t it the same?’ she timidly asked. 
business mind is divided between good-natured impulse and business Mr. Lorry reddened, and said, warmly, “You have mentioned that before, sir. We men of business, who serve a House, are not our own masters. We 
nothing less than coming on, and was on his defence straightway; so, without so much as pulling off their singed and burnt aprons, they went at one another, like two giants. But, if any man in that neighborhood 
as the bowls), they would sit staring at the copper, with such eager eyes, as if they could have devoured the very bricks of which it was composed; employing themselves, meanwhile, in sucking their fingers 
gold?”—holding up a broad bright coin to the sun—“it is a sixteen dollar piece, men. D’ye see it? Mr. Starbuck, hand me yon While the mate was getting the hammer, Ahab, without speaking, was 
been in the South Seas; and perhaps the sun there produced these extraordinary effects upon the skin. Now, while all these ideas were passing through me like lightning, this harpooneer never noticed me 
"Oh, no, oh no! I want no souls. Life is all I want." Here he brightened up; "I am pretty indifferent about it at present. Life is all right; I have all I want. You must get a new patient, doctor, if you wish to 
if to intimate that their presence prevented him from answering. As the clients were both male the chief clerk allowed himself a laugh. “I know that game,” he said. “Five times in one day is a little 
her child in his arms, as He took the child of old, and made it a sacred Ever busily winding the golden thread that bound them all together, weaving the service of her happy influence through the tissue of all 
jostlin' one another that way that it 'ud be like a fight up on the ice in the old days, when we'd be at one another from daylight to dark, an' tryin' to tie up our cuts by the light of the aurora borealis." This was 
away straight. There was Bersicker a-tearin' like a mad thing at the bars as if he wanted to get out. There wasn't much people about that day, and close at hand was only one man, a tall, thin chap, with a 'ook 
together, as Wemmick would then hear for himself that I said nothing to My appearance, with my arm bandaged and my coat loose over my shoulders, favored my object. Although I had sent Mr. Jaggers a brief account of 
to the first letter of that lawyer’s name now. Would it be J?” All the truth of my position came flashing on me; and its disappointments, dangers, disgraces, consequences of all kinds, rushed 
distance, vertically thrusting his oblong white head up and down in the billows; and at the same time slowly revolving his whole spindled body; so that when his vast wrinkled forehead rose—some twenty or more 
five years, two of them in the double chain. Thirteen years. In the tenth year his turn came round again; he again profited by it; he succeeded no better. Three years for this fresh attempt. Sixteen years. 
earth—pagans and all included—can possibly be jealous of an insignificant bit of black wood? Impossible! But what is worship?—to do the will of God—that is worship. And what is the will of God?—to 
other, and with a high raised voice exclaiming: “Whosoever of ye raises me a white-headed whale with a wrinkled brow and a crooked jaw; whosoever of ye raises me that white-headed whale, with three holes 
Behring’s straits, and into the remotest secret drawers and lockers of the world; and the thousand harpoons and lances darted along all continental coasts; the moot point is, whether Leviathan can long endure 
that boy asleep, or did he stand waiting at the foot of Slightly’s tree, There was no way of knowing, save by going down. Hook let his cloak slip softly to the ground, and then biting his lips till a lewd blood stood 
theatrical declamation,--as it now appears to me, something like a religious cross of the Ghost in Hamlet with Richard the Third,--and ended with the very proper aspiration that we might be truly grateful. 
Mrs. Pocket instantly showed much amiable emotion, and said, “This is “What do you mean, Belinda?” demanded Mr. Pocket. “Sophia has told you,” said Mrs. Pocket. “Did I not see her with my own 
with great rejoicings; the whole population of Portsmouth (nine in number at the last census) turning out on the beach to rub their own hands and shake everybody else’s, and sing “Fill, fill!” A certain 
convenient. I think that my father and mother were people who strolled along the highways; I know nothing different. When I was a child, they called me _young fellow_; now they call me _old Fellow_; those are my 
bestrode the middle of the room.  The light porter placed the tea-tray on ‘Thank _you_, ma’am,’ returned the light porter.  He was a very light porter indeed; as light as in the days when he blinkingly defined a 
with his arms crossed upon him, and set as resolutely as his lips. Fortified towns with their stockades, guard-houses, gates, trenches, and drawbridges, seemed to the mender of roads, to be so much air as against 
as she stretched it across the table. So suddenly and smartly did he do this, that we all stopped in our foolish contention. “If you talk of strength,” said Mr. Jaggers, “I’ll show you a wrist. 
the sweet herbs lying about. He went last of all, because of having to be helped from his chair, and to go very slowly; and he held my hand while all the others were removed, and while the audience got up 
was wearing away. But then, as Herbert changed the bandages, more by the light of the fire than by the outer light, he went back to it “I sat with Provis last night, Handel, two good hours.” 
After dinner the children were introduced, and Mrs. Coiler made admiring comments on their eyes, noses, and legs,--a sagacious way of improving their minds. There were four little girls, and two little boys, besides 
town, which at that late hour was wholly deserted.  A dim light shone at intervals from some bed-room window; and the hoarse barking of dogs occasionally broke the silence of the night.  But there was nobody 
“The house with the bow-window,” said Wemmick, “being by the river-side, down the Pool there between Limehouse and Greenwich, and being kept, it seems, by a very respectable widow who has a furnished upper floor to 
She raised her eyes for a moment as she said the words; and then they fell again, in all their gentleness and mildness, on his face. ‘Thou changest me from bad to good.  Thou mak’st me humbly wishfo’ to be 
could not yield to the evidence of what was going on within him. He hardened himself against the angelic action and the gentle words of the old man. "You have promised me to become an honest man. I buy your soul. 
Scotland, and in the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. Among the more curious of such remains is part of a skull, which in the year 1779 was disinterred in the Rue Dauphine in Paris, a short street 
tumult of discordant sounds that filled Oliver Twist with amazement. It was market-morning.  The ground was covered, nearly ankle-deep, with filth and mire; a thick steam, perpetually rising from the reeking 
lain in a calm and lasting sleep in the churchyard ground, with the tall grass waving gently above his head, and the sound of the old deep Oliver was awakened in the morning, by a loud kicking at the outside of 
little, and it was so natural in many ways, going as you were among other friends, that I had nothing to complain of, and was not at all hurt.’ Her colour rose as she said it modestly and hurriedly.  Louisa understood 
'Send Oliver with them,' said Mr. Grimwig, with an ironical smile; 'he 'Yes; do let me take them, if you please, sir,' said Oliver. 'I'll run The old gentleman was just going to say that Oliver should not go out 
“Never seen it,” said Wemmick. “Never heard of it. Never seen the Aged. Never heard of him. No; the office is one thing, and private life is another. When I go into the office, I leave the Castle behind me, and 
might not be remiss in his part of the engagement, he resolved to wait There was the lady who had once kept Mr. Bounderby’s house, sitting at the first-floor window as he had seen her before; and there was the light 
they all looked so long that they came near letting the current drift them out of the range of the island. But they discovered the danger in time, and made shift to avert it. About two oclock in the morning the 
and said it was a regular swindle to charge ten and elevenpence for it. At first she wanted to take it back but when she tried it on she was delighted with it, especially with the make of the sleeves, and kissed 
development was entrusted to Mr Cunningham. Mr Kernan came of Protestant stock and, though he had been converted to the Catholic faith at the time of his marriage, he had not been in the pale of the Church 
“Anything to oblige ye, my sweet and pleasant fellow,” rejoined Stubb, and with that he soon mounted to the deck. There a queer scene presented itself. The sailors, in tasselled caps of red worsted, were 
and when the day come he sell off by a great auctioneer all the goods of that other man who own them. Then he go to a builder, and he sell him that house, making an agreement that he pull it down and take all away 
The man cries, “Down, Evremonde! To the Guillotine all aristocrats! “He is going to pay the forfeit: it will be paid in five minutes more. But the man continuing to exclaim, “Down, Evremonde!” the face of 
“I tuck out en shin down de hill, en ‘spec to steal a skift ‘long de sho’ som’ers ‘bove de town, but dey wuz people a-stirring yit, so I hid in de ole tumble-down cooper-shop on de bank to wait for everybody to 
and in the days when her baby intelligence was receiving its first In the Eastern story, the heavy slab that was to fall on the bed of state in the flush of conquest was slowly wrought out of the quarry, the 
because it was so slick it felt greasy, and so that would tell on it every time.  (I reckoned I wouldn’t say nothing about the dollar I got from the judge.) I said it was pretty bad money, but maybe the hair-ball 
Crackit and Mr. Chitling intent upon their fifteenth game at cribbage, which it is scarcely necessary to say the latter gentleman lost, and with it, his fifteenth and last sixpence: much to the amusement of his 
had never softened to again, since the night when the stroller’s child had raised her eyes to look at Mr. Bounderby’s intended wife.  She had no Neither, as she approached her old home now, did any of the best 
a seedy old chest, and an old hair trunk with the hinges broke.  They stood open, but there warn’t nothing left in them that was any account. The way things was scattered about we reckoned the people left in a 
He went and seated himself in the chimney-corner, meditating, with his "Ah! by the way," resumed his wife, "you don't forget that I'm going to turn Cosette out of doors to-day? The monster! She breaks my heart with 
There was not a sound. One could have heard a pin drop. The stillness continued; the master searched face after face for signs of guilt. Another denial. Toms uneasiness grew more and more intense under the 
full of joy; but when I glimpsed him in the lightning my heart shot up in my mouth and I went overboard backwards; for I forgot he was old King Lear and a drownded A-rab all in one, and it most scared the livers and 
library made up of old numbers of The Union Jack, Pluck and The Halfpenny Marvel. Every evening after school we met in his back garden and arranged Indian battles. He and his fat young brother Leo, the 
“Who is Captain Hook?” he asked with interest when she spoke of the arch “Don’t you remember,” she asked, amazed, “how you killed him and saved “I forget them after I kill them,” he replied carelessly. 
friends.  This circumstance, at least, you know already.' 'Not I,' said Monks, turning away his eyes and beating his foot upon the ground, as a man who is determined to deny everything. 'Not I.' 
death-beauty. But there was no love in my own heart, nothing but loathing for the foul Thing which had taken Lucy's shape without her soul. I could see even Arthur's face grow hard as he looked. Presently 
characteristic, does not—as we have agreed—invite confidence.  If I might venture to remark that it is the least in the world deficient in that delicacy to which a youth mistaken, a character misconceived, and 
"Monsieur Madeleine, I have never known but one man capable of doing Javert added, with an air of indifference, but without removing his eyes Meanwhile, the cart continued to sink slowly. Father Fauchelevent 
walked on, in merry conversation, until they had far exceeded their ordinary bounds.  Mrs. Maylie being fatigued, they returned more slowly home.  The young lady merely throwing off her simple bonnet, sat down 
Bumble, who had bowed himself to within six inches of the ladder, would infallibly have pitched headlong into the room below.  He lighted his lantern from that which Monks had detached from the rope, and now 
which had remained attached to the whale at the time of the seizure. Wherefore the plaintiffs now sued for the recovery of the value of their Mr. Erskine was counsel for the defendants; Lord Ellenborough was 
The excessive weight of this man in human destiny disturbed the balance. This individual alone counted for more than a universal group. These plethoras of all human vitality concentrated in a single head; the world 
establishment as your relation, Lady Scadgers’s, now.  Don’t you think you might find some affairs there, ma’am, to interfere with?’ ‘It never occurred to me before, sir,’ returned Mrs. Sparsit; ‘but now 
mist, like a beggar. When we drove up to the Blue Boar after a drizzly ride, whom should I see come out under the gateway, toothpick in hand, As he pretended not to see me, I pretended not to see him. It was a very 
trailing ropes, and harpoons, and lances, a vast form shot lengthwise, but obliquely from the sea. Shrouded in a thin drooping veil of mist, it hovered for a moment in the rainbowed air; and then fell swamping back 
found him awake I reckoned we could put up a yarn for the family that would wash. But he was sleeping, and sleeping very peaceful, too; and pale, not fire-faced the way he was when he come.  So I set down and 
you a many and a many a time, and I’ll _pray_ for you, too!”--and she was Pray for me!  I reckoned if she knowed me she’d take a job that was more nearer her size.  But I bet she done it, just the same--she was just that 
then adjoining the field of battle, and intersected by the ponds of Groenendael and Boitsfort. An army could not retreat thither without dissolving; the regiments would have broken up immediately there. 
necessitous guise had become a brilliant figure on the London Press. He turned often from his tiresome writing to gaze out of the office window. The glow of a late autumn sunset covered the grass plots and walks. It 
awake until a pretty late hour, and he had good hopes of hearing Hucks maow, and of having his treasure to astonish Becky and the picnickers with, next day; but he was disappointed. No signal came that night. 
his horse’s head and both the palms of his hands fell off from him, and only the stump or fishy part of him remained. Thus, then, one of our own noble stamp, even a whaleman, is the tutelary guardian of England; 
I tried to collect my thoughts, but I was stunned. Throughout, I had seemed to myself to attend more to the wind and the rain than to him; even now, I could not separate his voice from those voices, though those 
transfixedly listening, like the carved Roman slave, while that wild cry remained within hearing. The Christian or civilized part of the crew said it was mermaids, and shuddered; but the pagan harpooneers remained 
about him. I often paid him a visit in the dark back-room in which he consorted with an ink-jar, a hat-peg, a coal-box, a string-box, an almanac, a desk and stool, and a ruler; and I do not remember that I 
The prowler tore off this cross, which disappeared into one of the gulfs Then he felt of the officer's fob, discovered a watch there, and took possession of it. Next he searched his waistcoat, found a purse and 
I could so rely for right guidance, as on you. Tell me, how does this relapse come about? Is there danger of another? Could a repetition of it be prevented? How should a repetition of it be treated? How does it come 
nobody went in at the gate with me. As I crossed by the fountain, I saw his lighted back windows looking bright and quiet, and, when I stood for a few moments in the doorway of the building where I lived, before going 
historical instances where a particular whale in the ocean has been at distant times and places popularly cognisable. Why such a whale became thus marked was not altogether and originally owing to his bodily 
with which I soon became as familiar as the rest. He laid down the carving-knife and fork,--being engaged in carving, at the moment,--put his two hands into his disturbed hair, and appeared to make an 
from Renfield's room. The poor wretch was doubtless torturing himself, after the manner of the insane, with needless thoughts of pain. I came tiptoe into our own room, and found Mina asleep, breathing so 
Good! some one will exclaim; and Tholomyès? Solomon would reply that love forms a part of wisdom. We will confine ourselves to saying that the love of Fantine was a first love, a sole love, a faithful love. 
of Arthur, Alfred, or Alphonse, and for the vicomte--if there are still any vicomtes--to be called Thomas, Pierre, or Jacques. This displacement, which places the "elegant" name on the plebeian and the 
a heavenly enthusiasm,—“But oh! shipmates! on the starboard hand of every woe, there is a sure delight; and higher the top of that delight, than the bottom of the woe is deep. Is not the main-truck higher than 
hear the sound of our hearts beating; then Van Helsing said, placing his "And now, Madam Mina--poor, dear, dear Madam Mina--tell us exactly what happened. God knows that I do not want that you be pained; but it is 
from nowhere in particular, and went about their labors; one struggled manfully by with a dead spider five times as big as itself in its arms, and lugged it straight up a tree-trunk. A brown spotted lady-bug climbed 
mortal, barbaric smack of the lip in eating—an ugly sound enough—so much so, that the trembling Dough-Boy almost looked to see whether any marks of teeth lurked in his own lean arms. And when he would hear 
on deck began to drive the coffin away, Queequeg, to every one’s consternation, commanded that the thing should be instantly brought to him, nor was there any denying him; seeing that, of all mortals, some 
it, and not because it would have wrung any tenderness in her to crush When we passed through Hammersmith, I showed her where Mr. Matthew Pocket lived, and said it was no great way from Richmond, and that I 
Going to the hearth to set the candle down upon a round three-legged table standing there, he stumbled against something.  As he recoiled, looking down at it, it raised itself up into the form of a woman in a 
of those profound sighs which seem to throw off dejection. Then Fantine She remained thus for a quarter of an hour, her eyes riveted on the door, motionless and apparently holding her breath. The sister dared not 
destructive loading than gunpowder and brown paper: a discovery which made a considerable impression on everybody but the doctor, who had drawn the ball about ten minutes before. Upon no one, however, did it 
'He seems in high spirits and happy,' she said, at length. 'I feared for a time he might be otherwise.  I was mistaken.  I am very, very Tears are signs of gladness as well as grief; but those which coursed 
assembled; the windows were filled with people, smoking and playing cards to beguile the time; the crowd were pushing, quarrelling, joking. Everything told of life and animation, but one dark cluster of objects 
Europe were full of darkness after Waterloo. Something enormous remained The kings placed themselves in this void. Ancient Europe profited by it to undertake reforms. There was a Holy Alliance; _Belle-Alliance_, 
like a whole caskful, as he hastily refreshed himself, “but I shall by this means be able to check your bills, and to pull you up if I find you outrunning the constable. Of course you’ll go wrong somehow, but that’s 
which had mastered him, that the housebreaker involuntarily drew back his chair, and surveyed him with a look of real affright. 'Wot now?' cried Sikes.  'Wot do you look at a man so for?' 
The torment from which he had escaped with so much difficulty was unchained afresh within him. His ideas began to grow confused once more; they assumed a kind of stupefied and mechanical quality which is 
occasional exclamation of ‘Hjckrrh!’ from the Gryphon, and the constant heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and saying, ‘Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,’ but she could 
Where any name happens to be vague or inexpressive, I shall say so, and suggest another. I do so now, touching the Black Fish, so-called, because blackness is the rule among almost all whales. So, call him the 
my intention, for he gave me a look that I did not understand, and it all passed in a moment. But if he had looked at me for an hour or for a day, I could not have remembered his face ever afterwards, as having 
grow a little genial, he became still less and less a recluse; as if, when the ship had sailed from home, nothing but the dead wintry bleakness of the sea had then kept him so secluded. And, by and by, it 
Then he robbed the body. After which he put the fatal knife in Potters open right hand, and sat down on the dismantled coffin. Three--four--five minutes passed, and then Potter began to stir and moan. His hand closed 
dropped his melancholy eyes, filled with the reflections of the forests and the lakes, in profound inattention, while men were being exterminated around him, and seated on a drum, with his pibroch under 
name would ring in his ears, when the hideous words, Jean Valjean, would suddenly emerge from the darkness and rise in front of him, when that formidable light, capable of dissipating the mystery in which he had 
how much more so now when he was about to stake the greater part of his Of course, the investment was a good one and Ségouin had managed to give the impression that it was by a favour of friendship the mite of 
The boy whose history this book relates did not enjoy the prayer, he only endured it--if he even did that much. He was restive all through it; he kept tally of the details of the prayer, unconsciously--for he was not 
But he stole up to us again, and suddenly clapping his hand on my shoulder, said—“Did ye see anything looking like men going towards Struck by this plain matter-of-fact question, I answered, saying, 
row nor said a word from the start.  He ain’t no bad nigger, gentlemen; “Well, it sounds very good, doctor, I’m obleeged to say.” Then the others softened up a little, too, and I was mighty thankful 
Next day I had the meanness to feign that I was under a binding promise to go down to Joe; but I was capable of almost any meanness towards Joe or his name. Provis was to be strictly careful while I was gone, and 
however polished or cool we may be, they wring human nature from our very bowels, and force it to reappear on the surface. The emotions of that day had turned the nun into a woman once more. She had wept, and 
company--at the office of Tellson’s Bank, for instance?” “Really, Mr. Barsad, I can’t say, if you can’t.” “Do you mean that you won’t say, sir?” the spy irresolutely asked. 
Dangerous! grunted the deaf and dumb Spaniard--to the vast surprise This voice made the boys gasp and quake. It was Injun Joes! There was Whats any more dangerous than that job up yonder--but nothings come of 
whalers have not neglected so excellent an example. For, say they, when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of the world, get a good dinner out of it, at least. And this empties the 
through me to find my worst fears thus endorsed. Van Helsing "With the sad experience of Miss Lucy, we must this time be warned before things go too far. Our task is now in reality more difficult than 
apartment to which he had been directed.  He stepped in; Oliver There was no fire in the room; but a man was crouching, mechanically, over the empty stove.  An old woman, too, had drawn a low stool to the 
with the thorns and leaves and moss of many byways through woods. Such a man came upon him, like a ghost, at noon in the July weather, as he sat on his heap of stones under a bank, taking such shelter as he 
now let me take the liberty of asking you a question. How did you come I told him, and he was attentive until I had finished, and then burst out laughing again, and asked me if I was sore afterwards? I didn’t 
need that we know all. For now more than ever has all work to be done quick and sharp, and in deadly earnest. The day is close to us that must end all, if it may be so; and now is the chance that we may live and 
_1 October, 5 a. m._--I went with the party to the search with an easy mind, for I think I never saw Mina so absolutely strong and well. I am so glad that she consented to hold back and let us men do the work. 
That garden wall!  On the grass inside, he had fallen on his knees last night, and prayed the two men's mercy.  It was the very house they had Oliver felt such fear come over him when he recognised the place, that, 
It was a round table; and as Mrs. Corney and Mr. Bumble had been sitting opposite each other, with no great space between them, and fronting the fire, it will be seen that Mr. Bumble, in receding from 
Jim and me was in a sweat again for a minute, being afraid there was going to be some more trouble amongst them; so we was pretty glad when “‘Tis my fate to be always ground into the mire under the iron heel of 
like the face of a friend. She presented herself there, and was admitted to the women's workroom. The trade was entirely new to Fantine; she could not be very skilful at it, and she therefore earned but little by 
act and act with desperate quick, when the time has come. But think, in all probable the key of the situation is in that house in Piccadilly. The Count may have many houses which he has bought. Of them he will have 
were two-wheeled cabriolets, upholstered inside with fawn-colored leather, hung on springs, and having but two seats, one for the postboy, the other for the traveller. The wheels were armed with those long, 
“You and your brother please write a line or two and sign your names.” The old gentleman wrote, but nobody couldn’t read it.  The lawyer looked “Well, it beats _me_”--and snaked a lot of old letters out of his pocket, 
Another thing which was remarked, was, that every time that he encountered in the town a young Savoyard who was roaming about the country and seeking chimneys to sweep, the mayor had him summoned, 
The stranger kept his eye intently fixed on Thénardier. The latter "Excuse me, sir, but one does not give away one's child to a passer-by, like that. I am right, am I not? Still, I don't say--you are rich; you 
a candle was lighted there was a general rush upon the owner of it; a struggle and a gallant defence followed, but the candle was soon knocked down or blown out, and then there was a glad clamor of laughter and a 
‘Ah! that accounts for it,’ said the Hatter. ‘He won’t stand beating. Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he’d do almost anything you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in 
looking at me, “were a drawback on my learning.” “Though mind you, Pip,” said Joe, with a judicial touch or two of the poker on the top bar, “rendering unto all their doo, and maintaining 
him, but fell violently on the ground:  writhing and foaming, in a fit. Oliver gazed, for a moment, at the struggles of the madman (for such he supposed him to be); and then darted into the house for help.  Having 
it was one of his favorite excursions. Towards two o'clock, almost invariably, the royal carriage and cavalcade was seen to pass at full This served in lieu of a watch or clock to the poor women of the quarter 
out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether. ‘That WAS a narrow escape!’ said Alice, a good deal frightened at the 
and flew down the passage. I sent word for the attendants to follow. Again he went into the grounds of the deserted house, and we found him in the same place, pressed against the old chapel door. When he saw me 
tricks our dreams play us, and how conveniently we can imagine.) The mist grew thicker and thicker and I could see now how it came in, for I could see it like smoke--or with the white energy of boiling 
of the ground, tactics, which preserve the equilibrium of battalions, carnage, executed according to rule, war regulated, watch in hand, nothing voluntarily left to chance, the ancient classic courage, 
‘I have been thinking it over, you see, since the late affairs have happened, ma’am,’ said Bounderby; ‘and it appears to my poor judgment—’ ‘Oh!  Pray, sir,’ Mrs. Sparsit interposed, with sprightly cheerfulness, 
“I don’t feel it. How did she murder? Whom did she murder?” “Why, the deed may not have merited quite so terrible a name,” said Herbert, “but, she was tried for it, and Mr. Jaggers defended 
“Great news, boys,” he cried, “I have brought at last a mother for you Still no sound, except a little thud from Tootles as he dropped on his “Have you not seen her?” asked Peter, becoming troubled. “She flew this 
open. I am, I know, either being deceived, like a baby, by my own fears, or else I am in desperate straits; and if the latter be so, I need, and I had hardly come to this conclusion when I heard the great door below 
chair, and discharging her strongest point before succumbing under these mere shadows of facts, ‘yes, I really _do_ wish that I had never had a family, and then you would have known what it was to do without me!’ 
and reserve all the talent for Saturday night. Mrs Kearney said nothing, but, as the mediocre items followed one another on the platform and the few people in the hall grew fewer and fewer, she began to regret 
to a poor forlorn girl who had no claim upon you, and of your protection ‘Don’t shed tears,’ said Mr. Gradgrind.  ‘Don’t shed tears.  I don’t complain of you.  You are an affectionate, earnest, good young 
times, all are subjects of this fairy. They laugh and hunt, and there is in the air the brilliance of an apotheosis--what a transfiguration effected by love! Notaries' clerks are gods. And the little cries, 
wouldn't cut a boy off:  no, not even Brittles here; not for all the 'That's not the point,' said the doctor, mysteriously.  'Mr. Giles, are 'Yes, sir, I hope so,' faltered Mr. Giles, who had turned very pale. 
You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore. This young fellow’s healthy cheek is like a sun-toasted pear in hue, and would seem to smell almost as musky; he cannot have been three days 
gentleman. Well! Mr. Havisham was very rich and very proud. So was his “Miss Havisham was an only child?” I hazarded. “Stop a moment, I am coming to that. No, she was not an only child; 
Then Peter knew that there was not a moment to lose. “Come,” he cried imperiously, and soared out at once into the night, followed by John and Mr. and Mrs. Darling and Nana rushed into the nursery too late. The 
town—called Coketown in the present faithful guide-book. A very regular feature on the face of the country, Stone Lodge was.  Not the least disguise toned down or shaded off that uncompromising fact in 
Affrighted though she was, Wendy swelled with pride. Wendy was so shocked that she exclaimed. “He doesn’t know!” and always after this she felt that if you could have a pet pirate Smee would be 
Middle American States, why does the passing mention of a White Friar or a White Nun, evoke such an eyeless statue in the soul? Or what is there apart from the traditions of dungeoned warriors and 
masoned into the wall on either side the pulpit. Three of them ran something like the following, but I do not pretend to quote:— SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF JOHN TALBOT, Who, at the age of eighteen, was 
and before the sunset this shall be so. Then he have no place where he can move and hide. I delayed this morning that so we might be sure. Is there not more at stake for us than for him? Then why we not be even 
together. Take heart afresh, dear husband of Madam Mina. This battle is but begun, and in the end we shall win--so sure as that God sits on high to watch over His children. Therefore be of much comfort till we return. 
wood"; so our enemy is still on the river. I am afraid to think of Jonathan, but somehow I have now no fear for him, or for myself. I write this whilst we wait in a farmhouse for the horses to be got ready. Dr. 
'There she died,' said Monks, 'after a lingering illness; and, on her death-bed, she bequeathed these secrets to me, together with her unquenchable and deadly hatred of all whom they involved--though she 
Light; the Books of Kings call you Lord; Exodus calls you Providence; Leviticus, Sanctity; Esdras, Justice; the creation calls you God; man calls you Father; but Solomon calls you Compassion, and that is the most 
the wainscot; on the tables candles in brass candlesticks; darkness, ugliness, sadness; and from all this there was disengaged an austere and august impression, for one there felt that grand human thing which is 
on receipt at goods station King's Cross. The house is at present empty, but enclosed please find keys, all of which are labelled. "You will please deposit the boxes, fifty in number, which form the 
I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity in _Later._--We have met again. We seem at last to be on the track, and our work of to-morrow may be the beginning of the end. I wonder if 
us, as we value our lives, to cut loose from these fish.” Instantly the captain ran forward, and in a loud voice commanded his crew to desist from hoisting the cutting-tackles, and at once cast loose 
seemed to me that this might have been my brother's private thought. In any case, what I can say is that, if he entertained all these ideas, he gave no sign of them; from beginning to end, even to me he was the same 
lenient on his faults when he is not by. I would ask you to believe that he has a heart he very, very seldom reveals, and that there are deep wounds in it. My dear, I have seen it bleeding.” 
her beauty. A melancholy fold, which resembled the beginning of irony, wrinkled her right cheek. As for her toilette, that aerial toilette of muslin and ribbons, which seemed made of mirth, of folly, and of music, 
rooted in a hold that is going to be chock a’ block with sperm-oil, d’ye see; and so, all that sperm will work up into the masts, like sap in a tree. Yes, our three masts will yet be as three spermaceti 
at the Bailey. What, in the name of the Father of Lies, own father to “That’s the name for a thousand pound!” cried Jerry. The speaker who struck in, was Sydney Carton. He had his hands behind 
we have precisely two barrels of beer per man, for a twelve weeks’ allowance, exclusive of his fair proportion of that 550 ankers of gin. Now, whether these gin and beer harpooneers, so fuddled as one might 
Mr. Bumble sat in the workhouse parlour, with his eyes moodily fixed on the cheerless grate, whence, as it was summer time, no brighter gleam proceeded, than the reflection of certain sickly rays of the sun, which 
to Queequeg, “it can’t be shadows; she’s off by sunrise, I guess; “Avast!” cried a voice, whose owner at the same time coming close behind us, laid a hand upon both our shoulders, and then insinuating 
and his forefinger, as one does mechanically when one interrogates and judges, and appealed to the Bishop with a gaze full of all the forces of "Yes, sir, the people have been suffering a long while. And hold! that 
“I hain’t got only a dollar, and I want that to--” “It don’t make no difference what you want it for--you just shell it He took it and bit it to see if it was good, and then he said he was 
‘I fear there is at present a general incompatibility between Louisa, and—and—and almost all the relations in which I have placed her,’ was her ‘Now, look you here, Tom Gradgrind,’ said Bounderby the flushed, 
the first place, to encumber the street; next, in order that it might finish the process of rusting. There is a throng of institutions in the old social order, which one comes across in this fashion as one walks 
“Well,” says he, “dat’s all right, den.  I doan’ mine one er two kings, but dat’s enough.  Dis one’s powerful drunk, en de duke ain’ much I found Jim had been trying to get him to talk French, so he could hear 
Jean Valjean! You have been in the galleys of Toulon; it was twenty years ago; we were there together.' Champmathieu denies it. Parbleu! You understand. The case is investigated. The thing was well ventilated for 
very thick, but was severely concealed beneath an ugly, tight, close, nun-like cap, tied under the chin. A smile displays beautiful teeth when one has them; but she did not smile. Her eyes did not seem to have been 
Sally’s apron-pocket which was hanging on a chair, and t’other we stuck in the band of Uncle Silas’s hat, which was on the bureau, because we heard the children say their pa and ma was going to the runaway nigger’s 
of one week to the country, he got up and moved in clouds and darkness out at one door as she brought song and sunshine in at the other. He wandered far from the accustomed haunts of boys, and sought desolate 
back to a tree, behind which they had left their lantern, lest its light should inform the thieves in what direction to fire.  Catching up the light, they made the best of their way home, at a good round trot; 
a crumbling state,--disembowelled, one might say. The château served for a dungeon, the chapel for a block-house. There men exterminated each other. The French, fired on from every point,--from behind the walls, 
“Right you are, Crofton!” said Mr Henchy fiercely. “He was the only man that could keep that bag of cats in order. ‘Down, ye dogs! Lie down, ye curs!’ That’s the way he treated them. Come in, Joe! 
was not among his myrmidons.  He would be a valuable acquisition with such an assistant as Nancy, and must (thus Fagin argued) be secured There was another, and a darker object, to be gained.  Sikes knew too 
tram was heard swishing along the lonely road outside. As he sat there, living over his life with her and evoking alternately the two images in which he now conceived her, he realised that she was 
said to herself; ‘his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head. But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?’ she ‘I shall sit here,’ the Footman remarked, ‘till tomorrow--’ 
so light.  It was most intolerably dirty; for it was Monday morning; and it had been tenanted by six drunken people, who had been locked up, elsewhere, since Saturday night.  But this is little.  In our 
". . . This man paid no attention to any one. He ate with the voracity "'Monsieur le Curé of the good God, all this is far too good for me; but I must say that the carters who would not allow me to eat with them keep 
gather again at the back of his mind and the dull fires of his lust “Someone you were in love with?” he asked ironically. “It was a young boy I used to know,” she answered, “named Michael 
“I asked that little shoeboy three times,” said Mr Henchy, “would he send up a dozen of stout. I asked him again now, but he was leaning on the counter in his shirt-sleeves having a deep goster with Alderman 
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it, that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself ‘Then I’ll ‘THAT you won’t’ thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied 
change, except of horses and pace, all the mire-deep leagues that lay They travelled in the night, halting an hour or two after daybreak, and lying by until the twilight fell. The escort were so wretchedly clothed, 
brick dwelling, with the black outside shutters, the green inside blinds, and the black street door up the two white steps.  In the drawing-room of which mansion, there presently entered to them the most remarkable girl 
wielded by a patient arm. No murmur, no impatience, no petulance did come from him. Silent, slow, and solemn; bowing over still further his chronically broken back, he toiled away, as if toil were life itself, 
by that way he come. It was a dreary blank that was before us. _Omne ignotum pro magnifico_; and so with heavy hearts we start to find what ships leave for the Black Sea last night. He was in sailing ship, since 
There’s the respect must give us pause: Wake Duncan with thy knocking! I would thou couldst; For who would bear the whips and scorns of time, The oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s contumely, The law’s delay, and the 
profound soul masked by marble beamed blindly. The man who had been gloomy at Austerlitz was gay at Waterloo. The greatest favorites of destiny make mistakes. Our joys are composed of shadow. The supreme 
came in, and when they saw what had happened, and what it was that lay over me on the bed, they screamed out. The wind rushed in through the broken window, and the door slammed to. They lifted off the body of my 
carefully packed up and sent to Tom Gradgrind’s; advertised his country retreat for sale by private contract; and resumed a bachelor life. THE robbery at the Bank had not languished before, and did not cease to 
drive a stake through his heart. Morris and Godalming and I shall prevent interference, even if we have to use the arms which we shall have ready. The Professor says that if we can so treat the Count's body, 
had still farther increased this acclivity, the mud complicated the problem of the ascent, and the men not only slipped back, but stuck fast in the mire. Along the crest of the plateau ran a sort of trench whose 
the visitors to follow the jailer into the cell.  They did so. The condemned criminal was seated on his bed, rocking himself from side to side, with a countenance more like that of a snared beast than the 
he and I and the collation were alone, “I give you joy of your good This was coming to the point, and I thought it a sensible way of “To think,” said Mr. Pumblechook, after snorting admiration at me for 
attention. You are not answering anything that has been asked of you. Your embarrassment condemns you. It is evident that your name is not Champmathieu; that you are the convict, Jean Valjean, concealed first 
her wishes. Of course, we had then no alternative but to accept. We were right in principle, and ninety-nine times out of a hundred we should have proved, by the logic of events, the accuracy of our judgment. 
numerous sect, whosoever may have been that great man: ‘therefore I may observe that my letter—here it is—is from the member for this place—Gradgrind—whom I have had the pleasure of knowing in London.’ 
drawers; folded the handkerchief in which they had been wrapped; put it carefully in his pocket; and took up his hat, as if to go. 'You'll have a very cold walk, Mr. Bumble,' said the matron. 
ever conquered it? In every fight it has the last and bitterest blow. Run tilting at it, and you but run through it. Ha! a coward wind that strikes stark naked men, but will not stand to receive a single blow. 
the middle, and at the beginning at the end. It’s the old woman’s tricks to be giving cobbling jobs. Lord! what an affection all old women have for tinkers. I know an old woman of sixty-five who ran away with 
capsized hull of a frigate, his broad, glossy back, of an Ethiopian hue, glistening in the sun’s rays like a mirror. But lazily undulating in the trough of the sea, and ever and anon tranquilly spouting his vapoury 
of times, but it would seem to have been an unusually thin wine that he sold at this time. A sour wine, moreover, or a souring, for its influence on the mood of those who drank it was to make them gloomy. No 
similar to a frigate’s boarding-weapon of the same name. The gaff is something like a boat-hook. With his gaff, the gaffman hooks on to a sheet of blubber, and strives to hold it from slipping, as the ship 
trace of her improvident ways. As she was not able to say that she was married she took good care, as we have seen, not to mention her little At first, as the reader has seen, she paid the Thénardiers promptly. As 
like to know? Shall I keep standing here? (aside). ‘Tis but indifferent architecture to make a blind dome; here’s one. Ho, ho! That’s it, hey? Here are two, sir; one will serve my turn. 
Mr. Bounderby may have been annoyed by the repetition of his own words to Stephen Blackpool, but he cut the quotation short with an angry start. ‘Come!’ said he, ‘I don’t want to be told about that.  I know what I took 
began to consider how he could turn the catastrophe to his own use; and he decided to tick, so that wild beasts should believe he was the crocodile and let him pass unmolested. He ticked superbly, but with one 
said it--every last word of it.  And all the time he was a-doing it he tried to talk like an Englishman; and he done it pretty well, too, for a slouch. I can’t imitate him, and so I ain’t a-going to try to; but he 
The night deepened. The trees environing the old chateau, keeping its solitary state apart, moved in a rising wind, as though they threatened the pile of building massive and dark in the gloom. Up the two terrace 
This forgetfulness was his great and fatal mistake. All at once, the cuirassiers, who had been the assailants, found themselves assailed. The English cavalry was at their back. Before 
Nothing. Nothing t I know of. But the boys hand shook so that he And you do talk such stuff, Sid said. Last night you said, Its blood, its blood, thats what it is! You said that over and over. 
first sight of the island. Strange to say, they all recognized it at once, and until fear fell upon them they hailed it, not as something long dreamt of and seen at last, but as a familiar friend to whom they 
catastrophe in this town to-night. Every one says so. And withal, the police is so badly regulated" (a useful repetition). "The idea of living in a mountainous country, and not even having lights in the streets at 
of the seats of the boat, and in an instant tore it out and carried it away, dropping the oarsman in the boat’s bottom as the seat slid from under him. On both sides the sea came in at the wounded planks, but we 
daughters of men, the devils also, add the uncanonical Rabbins, indulged Days, weeks passed, and under easy sail, the ivory Pequod had slowly swept across four several cruising-grounds; that off the Azores; off the 
ENGLISH SAILOR. Blood! but that old man’s a grand old cove! We are the OLD MANX SAILOR. How the three pines shake! Pines are the hardest sort of tree to live when shifted to any other soil, and here there’s none 
"That concerns me," said M. Madeleine. "My own insult belongs to me, I "I beg Monsieur le Maire's pardon. The insult is not to him but to the "Inspector Javert," replied M. Madeleine, "the highest law is 
which had captivated Sparsit, making Mr. Bounderby’s tea as he took his If Bounderby had been a Conqueror, and Mrs. Sparsit a captive Princess whom he took about as a feature in his state-processions, he could not 
Often after dark, when I was pulling the bellows for Joe, and we were singing Old Clem, and when the thought how we used to sing it at Miss Havisham’s would seem to show me Estella’s face in the fire, with her 
of these placards, among turning spindles, rattling looms, and whirling wheels, for hours afterwards; and when the Hands cleared out again into the streets, there were still as many readers as before. 
discount, suddenly made prices fall, which reduced the daily earnings of working-women to nine sous. Seventeen hours of toil, and nine sous a day! Her creditors were more pitiless than ever. The second-hand dealer, 
America on the blackboard, to exercise the geography class upon. But he made a sad business of it with his unsteady hand, and a smothered titter rippled over the house. He knew what the matter was, and set himself to 
momentarily neared him. In that fine, loose, chivalrous attitude of the headsman when drawing near to his prey, the three mates stood up proudly, occasionally backing the after oarsman with an exhilarating cry 
"Well, as to the visit. Lucy was more cheerful than on the day I first saw her, and certainly looked better. She had lost something of the ghastly look that so upset you, and her breathing was normal. She was 
ship swinging to her anchor with the flood-tide, was now obliquely pointing towards the open ocean. The prospect was unlimited, but exceedingly monotonous and forbidding; not the slightest variety that I 
lies in the path—he gives a few fierce bites and surly dabs with his paw; we escape, and hail Virgo, the Virgin! that’s our first love; we marry and think to be happy for aye, when pop comes Libra, or the 
day loading with spices. Such portentous appetites had Queequeg and Tashtego, that to fill out the vacancies made by the previous repast, often the pale Dough-Boy was fain to bring on a great baron of 
the mender of roads went forth daily to hammer out of the stones on the highway such morsels of bread as might serve for patches to hold his poor ignorant soul and his poor reduced body together. The prison on the 
aperture of the broken panes there was the head of a great, gaunt grey wolf. Mother cried out in a fright, and struggled up into a sitting posture, and clutched wildly at anything that would help her. Amongst 
ain't been touched sence a hundred years. There was dust that thick in the place that you might have slep' on it without 'urtin' of yer bones; an' the place was that neglected that yer might 'ave smelled ole 
I had sadly broken sleep when I got to bed, through thinking of the strange man taking aim at me with his invisible gun, and of the guiltily coarse and common thing it was, to be on secret terms of conspiracy with 
doing nothing on a stool was a great sight; he could not help looking solemn at such times, to sit still seemed to him such a comic thing to do. He boasted that he had gone walking for the good of his health. For 
even of last year, or of the year before. That, it was certain the prisoner had, for longer than that, been in the habit of passing and repassing between France and England, on secret business of which 
He is immensely strong, for he was more like a wild beast than a man. I never saw a lunatic in such a paroxysm of rage before; and I hope I shall not again. It is a mercy that we have found out his strength and 
of Pounds!’ (he repeated it with great relish).  ‘Now, you have always been a steady Hand hitherto; but my opinion is, and so I tell you plainly, that you are turning into the wrong road.  You have been 
which he has bequeathed to us. We think that we have here reproduced the Of whatever nature this dream may be, the history of this night would be incomplete if we were to omit it: it is the gloomy adventure of an 
tied-up brown paper packets inside, whether the flower-seeds and bulbs ever wanted of a fine day to break out of those jails, and bloom. It was in the early morning after my arrival that I entertained this 
and mortal grudge against her as having influenced the father’s anger. Now, I come to the cruel part of the story,--merely breaking off, my dear Handel, to remark that a dinner-napkin will not go into a tumbler.” 
rekindling the extinguished lamps on the staircase, but we examined the staircase from the bottom to the top and found no one there. It then occurred to me as possible that the man might have slipped into my 
"I have studied, over and over again since they came into my hands, all the papers relating to this monster; and the more I have studied, the greater seems the necessity to utterly stamp him out. All through there 
It is necessary that society should look at these things, because it is He was, as we have said, an ignorant man, but he was not a fool. The light of nature was ignited in him. Unhappiness, which also possesses a 
I laid there, and had a good rest and a smoke out of my pipe, looking away into the sky; not a cloud in it.  The sky looks ever so deep when you lay down on your back in the moonshine; I never knowed it before. 
stove by a whale.” —“Narrative of the Shipwreck of the Whale Ship Essex of Nantucket, which was attacked and finally destroyed by a large Sperm Whale in the Pacific Ocean.” By Owen Chace of Nantucket, first 
up behind me. I recognized all the men whom I had seen in that town. They had strange heads. They did not seem to be in a hurry, yet they walked faster than I did. They made no noise as they walked. In an 
idealized significance it calls up a peculiar apparition to the soul. But though without dissent this point be fixed, how is mortal man to account for it? To analyse it, would seem impossible. Can we, then, 
Atlantic, for example, some skippers think little of pumping their whole way across it; though of a still, sleepy night, should the officer of the deck happen to forget his duty in that respect, the probability 
It’s bad enough to be a blacksmith’s wife (and him a Gargery) without My thoughts strayed from that question as I looked disconsolately at the fire. For the fugitive out on the marshes with the ironed leg, the 
This was indeed the case; but as it was not Mr. Claypole's habit to repose a blind and foolish confidence in anybody, it should be observed, in justice to that gentleman, that he had trusted Charlotte 
not he, and that he was reassuring me. We spoke very little. As we approached the point, I begged him to remain in a sheltered place, while I went on to reconnoitre; for it was towards it that the men had passed 
read a chapter or two from the Bible, which he had been studying all the week, and in the performance of which duty he felt more proud and pleased, than if he had been the clergyman himself. 
were brought in after him, one man stopped in passing, to embrace him, as having a knowledge of him. It thrilled him with a great dread of discovery; but the man went on. A very few moments after that, a young 
worm does not work more surely on the dead body, than does this slow Weak, and thin, and pallid, he awoke at last from what seemed to have been a long and troubled dream.  Feebly raising himself in the bed, 
“This is Parnell’s anniversary,” said Mr O’Connor, “and don’t let us stir up any bad blood. We all respect him now that he’s dead and gone—even the Conservatives,” he added, turning to Mr 
he’s chasing me now; not I, him—that’s bad; I might have known it, too. Fool! the lines—the harpoons he’s towing. Aye, aye, I have run him by last night. About! about! Come down, all of ye, but the regular 
whereas, like man, the whale has lungs and warm blood. Freeze his blood, and he dies. How wonderful is it then—except after explanation—that this great monster, to whom corporeal warmth is as indispensable as it 
An uproar broke out among the audience, and was communicated to the "Ushers," said the President, "enforce silence! I am going to sum up the At that moment there was a movement just beside the President; a voice 
room, and some other prisoners who attended on them as sick nurses, (malefactors, but not incapable of kindness, God be thanked!) always As the days went on, I noticed more and more that he would lie placidly 
The policeman, with becoming humility, related how he had taken the charge; how he had searched Oliver, and found nothing on his person; Mr. Fang sat silent for some minutes, and then, turning round to the 
lose sight of it. Flip? Did I say we had flip? Yes, and we flipped it at the rate of ten gallons the hour; and when the squall came (for it’s squally off there by Patagonia), and all hands—visitors and all—were 
sooner heard, than Mr. Bumble darted, with much agility, to the wine bottles, and began dusting them with great violence:  while the matron It is worthy of remark, as a curious physical instance of the efficacy 
and still, and there was no lounger in Garden Court. I walked past the fountain twice or thrice before I descended the steps that were between me and my rooms, but I was quite alone. Herbert, coming to my 
to the same extent as with whalemen. For besides the great length of the whaling voyage, the numerous articles peculiar to the prosecution of the fishery, and the impossibility of replacing them at the remote harbors 
in the voyage. But in pursuit of those far mysteries we dream of, or in tormented chase of that demon phantom that, some time or other, swims before all human hearts; while chasing such over this round globe, they 
while he offered his heart at the hour when nocturnal flowers offer their perfume, illuminated like a lamp amid the starry night, as he poured himself out in ecstasy in the midst of the universal radiance of 
all but choked, and had that moment come to, “I have brought you as the compliments of the season--I have brought you, Mum, a bottle of sherry wine--and I have brought you, Mum, a bottle of port wine.” 
purpose. He had caught the old man's deep glances returning constantly to the child. Who was this man? Why this interest? Why this hideous costume, when he had so much money in his purse? Questions which he put 
dying away in some passage which sent up a clanging echo. I turned to run down again towards the vault, where I might find the new entrance; but at the moment there seemed to come a violent puff of wind, and the 
Face_, as the house is four-sided, agreeing with the cardinal points of the compass. It contains in all some twenty acres, quite surrounded by the solid stone wall above mentioned. There are many trees on it, which 
what a task we have in hand. I must be careful not to frighten her. Here _29 September._--After I had tidied myself, I went down to Dr. Seward's study. At the door I paused a moment, for I thought I heard him talking 
At this dismal time we were evidently all possessed by the idea that we were followed. As the tide made, it flapped heavily at irregular intervals against the shore; and whenever such a sound came, one or 
‘Kidderminster,’ said Mr. Childers, raising his voice, ‘stow that!—Sir,’ to Mr. Gradgrind, ‘I was addressing myself to you.  You may or you may not be aware (for perhaps you have not been much in the audience), that 
words fell on him as they would have fallen on an echoless wall, or on the air. The only ray of hope that Mr. Lorry could discover, was, that he sometimes furtively looked up without being asked. In that, there 
“‘She has some recent association with the number twelve?’ “The younger brother impatiently rejoined, ‘With twelve o’clock?’ “‘See, gentlemen,’ said I, still keeping my hands upon her breast, ‘how 
anatomist where to strike his knife into the secrets of my soul.’ ‘Louisa!’ he said, and said imploringly; for he well remembered what had ‘I do not reproach you, father, I make no complaint.  I am here with 
was on the point of dying in despair. Death was an abyss to him. As he stood trembling on its mournful brink, he recoiled with horror. He was not sufficiently ignorant to be absolutely indifferent. His 
Oh, this is the boss dodge, ther’ ain’t no mistake ‘bout it.  Let ‘em fetch along their suspicions now if they want to--this ‘ll lay ‘em out.” When we got up-stairs everybody gethered around the table, and the king 
figures and the basket in the darkness of the street. MR. BOUNDERBY being a bachelor, an elderly lady presided over his establishment, in consideration of a certain annual stipend.  Mrs. 
that scheme, and would have nothing to do with it. When I raised my eyes again, I found that he had been shrewdly looking at me all the time, and “If that is all you have to say, sir,” I remarked, “there can be nothing 
The wayfarer smoked his pipe out, put it in his breast, slipped off his great wooden shoes, and lay down on his back on the heap of stones. He As the road-mender plied his dusty labour, and the hail-clouds, rolling 
said every boy must have a family or somebody to kill, or else it wouldn’t be fair and square for the others.  Well, nobody could think of anything to do--everybody was stumped, and set still.  I was most ready 
he’s a good sportsman. Damn it, can’t we Irish play fair?” “That’s all very fine,” said Mr Lyons. “But look at the case of “In the name of God,” said Mr Henchy, “where’s the analogy 
of charm in that gentle and severe household, which raised poverty into Madame Magloire understood the remark, went out without saying a word, and a moment later the three sets of silver forks and spoons demanded by 
Well, you see, Im a kind of a hard lot,--least everybody says so, and I dont see nothing agin it--and sometimes I cant sleep much, on account of thinking about it and sort of trying to strike out a new way of 
She did not answer at once. Then she said in an outburst of tears: “O, I am thinking about that song, The Lass of Aughrim.” She broke loose from him and ran to the bed and, throwing her arms 
sight?--You have no teeth!" etc., etc. This gentleman was known as M. Bamatabois. The woman, a melancholy, decorated spectre which went and came through the snow, made him no reply, did not even glance at him, 
Rose nodded 'yes,' for the boy was smiling through such happy tears 'You will be kind and good to him, for you are to every one,' said Oliver.  'It will make you cry, I know, to hear what he can tell; but 
there was sick folks, maybe; and the stars over us was sparkling ever so fine; and down by the village was the river, a whole mile broad, and awful still and grand.  We went down the hill and found Jo Harper and 
to cruise there. Therefore, he must wait for the next ensuing season. Yet the premature hour of the Pequod’s sailing had, perhaps, been correctly selected by Ahab, with a view to this very complexion of 
He ran his eyes rapidly over it; he said to himself, that if he could contrive to get inside it, he might save himself. First he conceived an In the central portion of the front of this building, on the Rue 
blushing girl as much as to say: O, I know all about it! They insisted then on blindfolding Maria and leading her up to the table to see what she would get; and, while they were putting on the bandage, Maria 
multitudinously murmuring of the ocean—Jonah did the Almighty’s bidding. And what was that, shipmates? To preach the Truth to the face “This, shipmates, this is that other lesson; and woe to that pilot of 
I stayed in the tree till it begun to get dark, afraid to come down. Sometimes I heard guns away off in the woods; and twice I seen little gangs of men gallop past the log store with guns; so I reckoned the 
“Has she been gone long, Joe?” I always treated him as a larger species “Well,” said Joe, glancing up at the Dutch clock, “she’s been on the Ram-page, this last spell, about five minutes, Pip. She’s a coming! Get 
pieces, called blanket-pieces. Like most sea-terms, this one is very happy and significant. For the whale is indeed wrapt up in his blubber as in a real blanket or counterpane; or, still better, an Indian poncho 
their cutlasses, they gathered at a discreet distance from his hook, and squinted through their ferret eyes at this extraordinary man. Elation must have been in his heart, but his face did not reflect it: ever a 
“Therese!” she cries, in her shrill tones. “Who has seen her? Therese “She never missed before,” says a knitting-woman of the sisterhood. “No; nor will she miss now,” cries The Vengeance, petulantly. “Therese.” 
hogwash I never see it freshen up things so, and sound so honest and Then the king begins to work his jaw again, and says how him and his nieces would be glad if a few of the main principal friends of the 
close to their ears; and for the trussing of them the black pirate had cut a rope into nine equal pieces. All went well until Slightly’s turn came, when he was found to be like those irritating parcels that use up 
“I am,” said Mr. Jaggers, “and there’s an end of it. Get out of the “Mithter Jaggerth! Half a moment! My hown cuthen’th gone to Mithter Wemmick at thith prethent minute, to hoffer him hany termth. Mithter 
Smee, who henceforth wandered about the world in his spectacles, making a precarious living by saying he was the only man that Jas. Hook had Wendy, of course, had stood by taking no part in the fight, though 
Corless’s surrounded by lights and noise, of listening to Gallaher’s stories and of sharing for a brief space Gallaher’s vagrant and triumphant life, upset the equipoise of his sensitive nature. He felt 
wouldn’t be let out and his people in Oughterard were written to. He was in decline, they said, or something like that. I never knew “Poor fellow,” she said. “He was very fond of me and he was such a 
you call for me, and we come together to see our pretty miss, so much more strong for my 'spell' which I have work. Ho! ho!" He seemed so confident that I, remembering my own confidence two nights 
they had enough to keep them going. Presently two young women with big hats and a young man in a check suit came in and sat at a table close by. Weathers saluted them and told the company that they were out of the 
I went off in the canoe to ask about it.  Pretty soon I found a man out in the river with a skiff, setting a trot-line.  I ranged up and says: “If you want to know, go and find out.  If you stay here botherin’ 
great length, and with much circumlocution.  Messrs. Blathers and Duff looked very knowing meanwhile, and occasionally exchanged a nod. 'I can't say, for certain, till I see the work, of course,' said 
The Emperor had been the first, as early as mid-day, to descry with his field-glass, on the extreme horizon, something which had attracted his attention. He had said, "I see yonder a cloud, which seems to me to be 
much as get into the throat of Monseigneur, without the aid of four Yes. It took four men, all four ablaze with gorgeous decoration, and the Chief of them unable to exist with fewer than two gold watches in his 
avail--the distance was too great to allow a proper angle of sight. I knew he had left the castle now, and thought to use the opportunity to explore more than I had dared to do as yet. I went back to the room, and 
looked helplessly round with eyes that rolled in a way painful to see; but the living ring of terror encompassed them on every side; and they had perforce to remain within it. I called to the coachman to come, for 
belong in those parts, and whom he, Boulatruelle, knew well," directing his steps towards the densest part of the wood. Translation by Thénardier: _A comrade of the galleys_. Boulatruelle obstinately refused 
among the fishermen of the sea-shore, and that peasant family so injured by the two Evremonde brothers, as that Bastille paper describes, is my family. Defarge, that sister of the mortally wounded boy upon the ground 
my beloved husband--that, should the time come, you will kill me." "What is that time?" The voice was Quincey's, but it was low and "When you shall be convinced that I am so changed that it is better that 
and that the English army was ready for battle. "So much the better!" exclaimed Napoleon. "I prefer to overthrow them rather than to drive In the morning he dismounted in the mud on the slope which forms an 
surrounding the coach, deriding him, making grimaces at him, and incessantly groaning and calling out: “Yah! Spies! Tst! Yaha! Spies!” with many compliments too numerous and forcible to repeat. 
them except old furniture, dusty with age and moth-eaten. At last, however, I found one door at the top of the stairway which, though it seemed to be locked, gave a little under pressure. I tried it harder, 
the infallible resource and indispensable entertainment of his village Jacques One struck in, and asked if he had ever seen the man before? “Never,” answered the mender of roads, recovering his perpendicular. 
Quarter, near the Banking-house. As there was no business objection to this, and as he foresaw that even if it were all well with Charles, and he were to be released, he could not hope to leave the city, Mr. Lorry 
her as the Bank Dragon keeping watch over the treasures of the mine. What those treasures were, Mrs. Sparsit knew as little as they did.  Gold and silver coin, precious paper, secrets that if divulged would bring 
“Well, well; no more. Thy shrunk voice sounds too calmly, sanely woeful to me. In no Paradise myself, I am impatient of all misery in others that is not mad. Thou should’st go mad, blacksmith; say, why 
But by and by the thing dragged through, and everything was sold--everything but a little old trifling lot in the graveyard.  So they’d got to work that off--I never see such a girafft as the king was 
how she thanked me, with her so beautiful dying eyes, her voice, too, so weak, and she kiss my rough old hand and bless me? Yes! And did you not hear me swear promise to her, that so she closed her eyes grateful? Yes! 
“Yes, a duke’s different.  But not very different.  This one’s a middling hard lot for a duke.  When he’s drunk there ain’t no “Well, anyways, I doan’ hanker for no mo’ un um, Huck.  Dese is all I 
out and shinned for the road in the dark there ain’t nobody can tell. I had the road all to myself, and I fairly flew--leastways, I had it all to myself except the solid dark, and the now-and-then glares, and the 
hill, and just entering the sumach path on tiptoe, their weapons in their hands. Huck accompanied them no further. He hid behind a great bowlder and fell to listening. There was a lagging, anxious silence, and 
He returned to his desk in the lower office and counted the sheets which remained to be copied. He took up his pen and dipped it in the ink but he continued to stare stupidly at the last words he had written: In no 
secret that I was making a gentleman. The blood horses of them colonists might fling up the dust over me as I was walking; what do I say? I says to myself, ‘I’m making a better gentleman nor ever you’ll be!’ When 
a little of everything; but they couldn’t seem to have no luck.  So at last they got just about dead broke, and laid around the raft as she floated along, thinking and thinking, and never saying nothing, by the 
son-in-law was a splendid fisher. One day he caught a beautiful big fish and the man in the hotel cooked it for their dinner. Gabriel hardly heard what she said. Now that supper was coming near he 
When I had shown this to Herbert and had put it in the fire--but not before we had both got it by heart--we considered what to do. For, of course my being disabled could now be no longer kept out of view. 
of my own make as good money! An obliging stranger, under pretence of compactly folding up my bank-notes for security’s sake, abstracts the notes and gives me nutshells; but what is his sleight of hand to mine, 
the universal cannibalism of the sea; all whose creatures prey upon each other, carrying on eternal war since the world began. Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile 
in the street, he thinks, if you stood in a certain place that I can show you. But you will not be able to see him, my poor child, and even if you could, it would be unsafe for you to make a sign of recognition.” 
till he was full forty years old did Ahab become that way branded, and then it came upon him, not in the fury of any mortal fray, but in an elemental strife at sea. Yet, this wild hint seemed inferentially 
“Come, then!” cried Defarge, in a resounding voice. “Patriots and With a roar that sounded as if all the breath in France had been shaped into the detested word, the living sea rose, wave on wave, depth on 
“That affected his mind,” she said. “After that he began to mope by himself, talking to no one and wandering about by himself. So one night he was wanted for to go on a call and they couldn’t find him 
get me out of their claws, and I’d be all right; but there’d be another person that you don’t know about who’d be in big trouble.  Well, we got to save _him_, hain’t we?  Of course.  Well, then, we won’t blow on 
In the strength of his misfortune, and the energy of his distress, he fired for the moment like a proud man.  In another moment, he stood as he had stood all the time—his usual stoop upon him; his pondering face 
proclamation. This is Charing Cross; hear ye! good people all,—the Greenland whale is deposed,—the great sperm whale now reigneth! There are only two books in being which at all pretend to put the living 
now; she is seven years old; she is quite a young lady; I call her Cosette, but her name is really Euphrasie. Stop! this morning I was looking at the dust on the chimney-piece, and I had a sort of idea come 
The mender of roads, blue cap in hand, wiped his swarthy forehead with it, and said, “Where shall I commence, monsieur?” “Commence,” was Monsieur Defarge’s not unreasonable reply, “at the 
Tea for Joe, and the baker for bacon, were among the mildest of my own However, her temper was greatly improved, and she was patient. A tremulous uncertainty of the action of all her limbs soon became a 
Jerusalem in it. But the ole chapel--that took the cike, that did! Me and my mate, we thort we wouldn't never git out quick enough. Lor', I wouldn't take less nor a quid a moment to stay there arter dark." 
the number of the latter is becoming sensibly diminished, although he has used half his food in attracting more flies from outside to his _1 July._--His spiders are now becoming as great a nuisance as his 
best authorities consider this downright scandal:  he being young and a 'Oliver, my child,' said Mrs. Maylie, 'where have you been, and why do you look so sad?  There are tears stealing down your face at this 
the name of the person who is your liberal benefactor remains a profound secret, until the person chooses to reveal it. I am empowered to mention that it is the intention of the person to reveal it at first hand by 
affectionate brother, said through her tears, “Mr. Cruncher.” “Let him come out too,” said Solomon. “Does he think me a ghost?” Apparently, Mr. Cruncher did, to judge from his looks. He said not a 
thick stick:  a stout old gentleman, rather lame in one leg, who was dressed in a blue coat, striped waistcoat, nankeen breeches and gaiters, and a broad-brimmed white hat, with the sides turned up with 
than you would think, to look at me, but I am well used to it. The poorest women fall back, as I make my way along the crowded pavement.' 'What dreadful things are these!' said Rose, involuntarily falling from 
canvas trowsers. Ah, poor Hay-Seed! how bitterly will burst those straps in the first howling gale, when thou art driven, straps, buttons, and But think not that this famous town has only harpooneers, cannibals, and 
to-night, for we have something on our mind to-night.” “Will you promise not to press one question on me, if I beg you not to “Will I promise? What will I not promise to my Love?” 
dropped into a passionate swoon, and were only saved by the men Nevertheless, not a moment was lost; not a moment! This Foulon was at the Hotel de Ville, and might be loosed. Never, if Saint Antoine knew 
clashing engines going at things unknown, pumps going in leaky ships, capstans going, ships going out to sea, and unintelligible sea-creatures roaring curses over the bulwarks at respondent lightermen, in and 
'Carry your memory back--let me see--twelve years, last winter.' 'It's a long time,' said Mr. Bumble.  'Very good.  I've done it.' 'And the place, the crazy hole, wherever it was, in which miserable 
you and this detested villain, is known to me.  Shadows on the wall have caught your whispers, and brought them to my ear; the sight of the persecuted child has turned vice itself, and given it the courage and 
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at the window of Miss Lucy. He can come in mist which he create--that noble ship's captain proved him of this; but, from what we know, the distance 
drawing-room. Air, musty from having been long enclosed, hung in all the rooms, and the waste room behind the kitchen was littered with old useless papers. Among these I found a few paper-covered books, the pages 
he had inherited his father’s frame and gait. He walked with his hands by his sides, holding himself erect and swaying his head from side to side. His head was large, globular and oily; it sweated in all weathers; 
catch any glimpse of himself making a show of Bitzer to strangers, as the rising young man, so devoted to his master’s great merits, who had won young Tom’s place, and had almost captured young Tom himself, in the 
found himself before a large door of arched stone, with a rectilinear impost, in the sombre style of Louis XIV., flanked by two flat medallions. A severe façade rose above this door; a wall, perpendicular 
But though, to landsmen in general, the native inhabitants of the seas have ever been regarded with emotions unspeakably unsocial and repelling; though we know the sea to be an everlasting terra incognita, 
her to progress as she might through various stages of suffering on the floor.  He next had recourse to the administration of potent restoratives, such as screwing the patient’s thumbs, smiting her hands, 
tells them. Let it deceive them, then, a little longer; it cannot Madame Defarge looked superciliously at the client, and nodded in “As to you,” said she, “you would shout and shed tears for anything, if 
young ladies! He has no wife nor daughter, and the young do not tell themselves to the young, but to the old, like me, who have known so many sorrows and the causes of them. So, my dear, we will send him away to 
lights and to the ear with harsh noises, showed where the barges were stationed in which the smiths worked, making guns for the Army of the Republic. Woe to the man who played tricks with _that_ Army, or got 
tram somewhere and pay the tram or take them to a band or a play at the theatre or buy them chocolate and sweets or something that way. I used to spend money on them right enough,” he added, in a convincing tone, 
gust of wind carried away his cap, and allowed a perfectly white head to A convict employed on board with a detachment from the galleys had, in fact, at the very first instant, hastened to the officer of the watch, 
harpoon was hurled. “Stern all!” The oarsmen backed water; the same moment something went hot and hissing along every one of their wrists. It was the magical line. An instant before, Stubb had swiftly caught two 
she had come to Montfermeil on foot; that the little one had walked a little, but not much, because she was so young, and that she had been obliged to take her up, and the jewel had fallen asleep. 
was horrified when I saw her to-day. She was ghastly, chalkily pale; the red seemed to have gone even from her lips and gums, and the bones of her face stood out prominently; her breathing was painful to see or 
that the sallow pages seemed to turn red with gore; and the words upon them, to be sounded in his ears, as if they were whispered, in hollow In a paroxysm of fear, the boy closed the book, and thrust it from him. 
know a compatriot who has found a Refuge there? A Doctor?” “Yes,” said the Marquis. “You are fatigued. Good night!” As he bent his head in his most courtly manner, there was a secrecy 
Mr. Dawkins designated as 'japanning his trotter-cases.'  The phrase, rendered into plain English, signifieth, cleaning his boots. Whether it was the sense of freedom and independence which a rational 
fatalities of the night would have been increased manifold. To add to the difficulties and dangers of the time, masses of sea-fog came drifting inland--white, wet clouds, which swept by in ghostly fashion, 
which is probably the truest test of breeding; and the elegance of his diction, even when he was swearing, no less than the distinction of his demeanour, showed him one of a different cast from his crew. A man of 
All I want is to have a look at her. I’m not going to eat her.” “O.... A look at her?” said Corley, more amiably. “Well ... I’ll tell you what. I’ll go over and talk to her and you can pass by.” 
Lazariste ladies, like all sisters of charity, bore the names of Sister Sister Perpétue was an ordinary villager, a sister of charity in a coarse style, who had entered the service of God as one enters any other 
Oh, Tom, you aint dying, are you? Dont, Tom--oh, dont. Maybe-- I forgive everybody, Sid. [Groan.] Tell em so, Sid. And Sid, you give my window-sash and my cat with one eye to that new girl thats come to 
sounding-board. Then, again, if you fix your eye upon this strange, crested, comb-like incrustation on the top of the mass—this green, barnacled thing, which the Greenlanders call the “crown,” and the 
what she meant--I must help other people, and do everything I could for other people, and look out for them all the time, and never think about myself. This was including Miss Watson, as I took it.  I went out in the 
but we must go on, and from no danger shall we shrink." The house was silent when we got back, save for some poor creature who was screaming away in one of the distant wards, and a low, moaning sound 
intended to refer me to Liverpool; “and then in the City of London here. However, having an infirmity--for I am hard of hearing, sir--” I expressed in pantomime the greatest astonishment. 
unaccountable objection to having his throat cut, he remained where he was, and growled more fiercely than before:  at the same time grasping the end of the poker between his teeth, and biting at it like a wild 
to show off his outlandishness in the strangest possible manners. His education was not yet completed. He was an undergraduate. If he had not been a small degree civilized, he very probably would not have troubled 
After the exchange of a few more compliments, they bade the company good-night, and went out; the girl gathering up the pots and glasses as they did so, and lounging out to the door, with her hands full, to see 
tessellated floor. The manager, alarmed by the grey pallor of the His collar was unfastened and his necktie undone. He opened his eyes for an instant, sighed and closed them again. One of gentlemen who had 
me, as you represent it to be to you. I have by no means forgotten it, and a light answer does not help me to forget it.” “If it was a light answer,” returned Darnay, “I beg your forgiveness 
‘I am sure we are constantly hearing, ma’am, till it becomes quite nauseous, concerning their wives and families,’ said Bitzer.  ‘Why look at me, ma’am!  I don’t want a wife and family.  Why should they?’ 
useless I am, as you have brought me! If I had known what I was coming to see, I could have come provided. As it is, time must be lost. There are no medicines to be obtained in this lonely place.’ 
calm, and a deluge of water drenched the prone martyrs remains! The strangling hero sprang up with a relieving snort. There was a whiz as of a missile in the air, mingled with the murmur of a curse, a sound 
coming. Of course Mrs. Darling brushed him, but he began to talk again about its being a mistake to have a dog for a nurse. “No doubt, but I have an uneasy feeling at times that she looks upon the 
He had since seen her, in the Section of Saint Antoine, over and over again produce her knitted registers, and denounce people whose lives the guillotine then surely swallowed up. He knew, as every one employed as 
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of ‘I beg your pardon!’ said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: ‘Did ‘I thought you did,’ said the Mouse. ‘--I proceed. “Edwin and Morcar, 
"The English Herr was in a hurry," to which the stranger replied:-- "That is why, I suppose, you wished him to go on to Bukovina. You cannot deceive me, my friend; I know too much, and my horses are swift." As he 
Starbuck seemed wrestling with an angel; but turning from the door, he placed the death-tube in its rack, and left the place. “He’s too sound asleep, Mr. Stubb; go thou down, and wake him, and 
and Mr. Morris have half a dozen good horses, well appointed. We have all the maps and appliances of various kinds that can be had. Professor Van Helsing and I are to leave by the 11:40 train to-night for Veresti, 
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there 
he lightly shouldered the coffin and went forward with it, inquiring whether they were ready for it yet in that direction. Overhearing the indignant but half-humorous cries with which the people 
murder and afterwards flay the victim, she would infallibly go through Therefore, when Sunday came, the mender of roads was not enchanted (though he said he was) to find that madame was to accompany monsieur 
no use trying to travel with a ten-foot chain on his leg.  Why, drat it, Huck, it’s the stupidest arrangement I ever see. You got to invent _all_ the difficulties.  Well, we can’t help it; we got to do the best we can 
Peleg, what it is to have the fear of death; how, then, can’st thou prate in this ungodly guise. Thou beliest thine own heart, Peleg. Tell me, when this same Pequod here had her three masts overboard in that 
“Joe!” I remonstrated, for he made no reply at all. “Why don’t you “Pip,” returned Joe, cutting me short as if he were hurt, “which I meantersay that were not a question requiring a answer betwixt yourself 
scene; and was now so nigh, that Ahab in the water hailed her!—“Sail on the”—but that moment a breaking sea dashed on him from Moby Dick, and whelmed him for the time. But struggling out of it again, 
extravagant, undutiful,--altogether bad. At last his father disinherited him; but he softened when he was dying, and left him well off, though not nearly so well off as Miss Havisham.--Take another glass of wine, 
their very joints and bones, after what might be called the individual life had departed. Killed and hoisted on deck for the sake of his skin, one of these sharks almost took poor Queequeg’s hand off, when he 
academician, Napoleon Bonaparte, stricken from its list of members. A royal ordinance erected Angoulême into a naval school; for the Duc d'Angoulême, being lord high admiral, it was evident that the city of 
with the rain and smoke of years, it was as much as he could do to make out the forms of the different objects beyond, without making any attempt to be seen or heard,--which he had as much chance of being, as 
“Farewell, dear darling of my soul. My parting blessing on my love. We They were her husband’s words, as he held her to his bosom. “I can bear it, dear Charles. I am supported from above: don’t suffer 
Corley’s stride acknowledged the compliment. The swing of his burly body made his friend execute a few light skips from the path to the roadway and back again. Corley was the son of an inspector of police and 
himself and go out, if he were not stopped. Lucy is to be married in the autumn, and she is already planning out her dresses and how her house is to be arranged. I sympathise with her, for I do the same, only Jonathan 
those lights of zoology and anatomy. Nevertheless, though of real knowledge there be little, yet of books there are a plenty; and so in some small degree, with cetology, or the science of whales. Many are 
Jardin des Plantes tremble, as they are violently traversed three or four times each day by those currents of coach fiacres and omnibuses which, in a given time, crowd back the houses to the right and the left; 
of the whitened waters is horrible to him as a real ghost; in vain the lead assures him he is still off soundings; heart and helm they both go down; he never rests till blue water is under him again. Yet where is 
move your foot or hand an inch; slip your hold at all; and your identity comes back in horror. Over Descartian vortices you hover. And perhaps, at mid-day, in the fairest weather, with one half-throttled shriek you 
In a moment he was standing in the boat’s stern, and the Manilla men were springing to their oars. In vain the English Captain hailed him. With back to the stranger ship, and face set like a flint to his own, 
Framed and glazed upon the wall behind the dingy little bar, was another Pegasus—a theatrical one—with real gauze let in for his wings, golden stars stuck on all over him, and his ethereal harness made of red silk. 
that, Peleg hurried him over the side, and both dropt into the boat. Ship and boat diverged; the cold, damp night breeze blew between; a screaming gull flew overhead; the two hulls wildly rolled; we gave 
beautiful colour since she has been here. I noticed that the old men did not lose any time in coming up and sitting near her when we sat down. She is so sweet with old people; I think they all fell in love with her 
looking from him to each other, seemed to feel satisfied of the accuracy of what he said.  Still, in no direction were there any appearances of the trampling of men in hurried flight.  The grass was 
should be wiped out in the same manner as the flies and the spiders; so I said I would see about it, and asked him if he would not rather have a cat than a kitten. His eagerness betrayed him as he answered:-- 
In what census of living creatures, the dead of mankind are included; why it is that a universal proverb says of them, that they tell no tales, though containing more secrets than the Goodwin Sands; how it is 
they’d let that nigger vote, I drawed out.  I says I’ll never vote agin. Them’s the very words I said; they all heard me; and the country may rot for all me--I’ll never vote agin as long as I live.  And to see the 
galliots, and what not; but take my word for it, you never saw such a rare old craft as this same rare old Pequod. She was a ship of the old school, rather small if anything; with an old-fashioned claw-footed look 
doubting that. That I knew better. That there could be no such beauty “Oh! I have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, I have no doubt,” said Estella, “and of course if it ceased to beat I should cease 
interval; and Sissy, being at the corner of a row on the sunny side, came in for the beginning of a sunbeam, of which Bitzer, being at the corner of a row on the other side, a few rows in advance, caught the end.  But, 
his attention between the frying-pan and the clothes-horse, over which a great number of silk handkerchiefs were hanging.  Several rough beds made of old sacks, were huddled side by side on the floor. Seated round 
fellow gets now for working in dead lumber. Saw a live tree, and you don’t get this dust; amputate a live bone, and you don’t get it (sneezes). Come, come, you old Smut, there, bear a hand, and let’s 
“It is, that if Miss Manette should bring to you at any time, on her own part, such a confidence as I have ventured to lay before you, you will bear testimony to what I have said, and to your belief in it. I hope you 
her rugs. I got ready food: but she would not eat, simply saying that she had not hunger. I did not press her, knowing her unavailingness. But I myself eat, for I must needs now be strong for all. Then, with the 
'Not _you_,' replied Oliver, sharply. 'There; that's enough. Don't say 'Better not!' exclaimed Noah. 'Well!  Better not!  Work'us, don't be impudent.  _Your_ mother, too!  She was a nice 'un she was.  Oh, Lor!' 
her. Of course she had to work hard, both in the house and at business. What would they say of her in the Stores when they found out that she had run away with a fellow? Say she was a fool, perhaps; and her place 
smooth gravel, once Nickits’s, when Mr. Bounderby burst out of the shrubbery, with such violence as to make his horse shy across the road. ‘Harthouse!’ cried Mr. Bounderby.  ‘Have you heard?’ 
on in the morning. I brought it out, and laid it ready for him, and my blood again ran cold when he again took me by both hands to give me good I got away from him, without knowing how I did it, and mended the fire 
when he made an end of his meal, “but I always was. If it had been in my constitution to be a lighter grubber, I might ha’ got into lighter trouble. Similarly, I must have my smoke. When I was first hired out as 
Tea-time, and Miss Pross making tea, with another fit of the jerks upon her, and yet no Hundreds of people. Mr. Carton had lounged in, but he The night was so very sultry, that although they sat with doors and 
made arrangements for his union with a suitable young person at Kew. And indeed, I think we are all engaged, except the baby.” “I am,” said Herbert; “but it’s a secret.” 
daughter, arrived at the Antient Concert Rooms three-quarters of an hour before the time at which the concert was to begin. By ill luck it was a rainy evening. Mrs Kearney placed her daughter’s clothes and music 
included in this ground-plan of Cetology. Now, then, come the grand *I am aware that down to the present time, the fish styled Lamatins and Dugongs (Pig-fish and Sow-fish of the Coffins of Nantucket) are included 
it?  Not I.  What do I call her for it?  I call her probably the very worst woman that ever lived in the world, except my drunken grandmother. There’s no family pride about me, there’s no imaginative sentimental 
despair, it would but have been with her as it was with many. But, from the hour when she had taken the white head to her fresh young bosom in the garret of Saint Antoine, she had been true to her duties. She was 
"Never used no key nor nothink. The old gent, he opened the door 'isself an' shut it again when I druv off. I don't remember the last time--but "No, sir. But ye needn't have no difficulty about that. It's a 'igh 'un 
Wendy gave the words, one, two, three, and Michael took his medicine, There was a yell of rage from Michael, and “O father!” Wendy exclaimed. “What do you mean by ‘O father’?” Mr. Darling demanded. “Stop that row, 
huge dog, who shows his teeth and replaces the English. The English behaved admirably there. Cooke's four companies of guards there held out for seven hours against the fury of an army. 
mixed up in no such business as that, I says to myself. When I got down stairs in the morning the parlor was shut up, and the watchers was gone.  There warn’t nobody around but the family and the 
the echoes of his own words, which had rolled Heaven knows how far away in the daytime, came back instead, and abided by him until morning. DAY and night again, day and night again.  No Stephen Blackpool.  Where 
lady or gentleman was happy, Mr. Fagin, who had had considerable experience of such matters in his time, saw, with great satisfaction, Having eased his mind by this discovery; and having accomplished his 
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery; 
suddenly from out the very heart of this plague, there stole a faint stream of perfume, which flowed through the tide of bad smells without being absorbed by it, as one river will flow into and then along with 
a man had not been brought before a provost's court, on the return of the legitimate princes? They need not have cut off his head, if you please; clemency must be exercised, agreed; but a good banishment for 
for drink, he moved this muffler with his left hand, only while he poured his liquor in with his right; as soon as that was done, he “No, Jerry, no!” said the messenger, harping on one theme as he rode. 
No, says I to my self, there ain’t nothing in it.  I went and told the widow about it, and she said the thing a body could get by praying for it was “spiritual gifts.”  This was too many for me, but she told me 
As she spoke thus, she was twisting the bill about in her hands with an embarrassed air, and making creases in it with her nails. Her hard face presented a shade which was not habitual with it,--timidity and 
The brushwood was not high. Thénardier recognized the fact that the man and Cosette were sitting there. The child could not be seen on account of her small size, but the head of her doll was visible. 
return to Tellson’s and take leave of Mr. Lorry. As soon as he arrived in Paris he would present himself to this old friend, but he must say A carriage with post-horses was ready at the Bank door, and Jerry was 
"whole stationer's shop full of it?" etc. There exist beings who, for the sake of obtaining the key to these enigmas, which are, moreover, of no consequence whatever to them, spend more money, waste more time, 
mouth-pieces to pipes, for beads and ornaments; but ambergris is soft, waxy, and so highly fragrant and spicy, that it is largely used in perfumery, in pastiles, precious candles, hair-powders, and pomatum. 
sea; it is heaven: there is a spectacle more grand than heaven; it is To make the poem of the human conscience, were it only with reference to a single man, were it only in connection with the basest of men, would 
property and three boys, who had nothing particularly shining about them These three young gentlemen, Mr. Stryver, exuding patronage of the most offensive quality from every pore, had walked before him like three 
so; for, when I stopped speaking, many moments passed before she showed “Do you break off,” she asked then, with her former air of being afraid of me, “because you hate me too much to bear to speak to me?” 
kind of rot and slush, till it was just sickening; and then he blubbers out a pious goody-goody Amen, and turns himself loose and goes to crying And the minute the words were out of his mouth somebody over in the 
was so great to me that I felt it difficult to realize the condition in which I had been a few hours before. The crisp air, the sunlight, the movement on the river, and the moving river itself,--the road that ran 
Without deigning to look at the assemblage a second time, Monsieur the Marquis leaned back in his seat, and was just being driven away with the air of a gentleman who had accidentally broke some common thing, and had 
by all legs! Pip! little Pip! hurrah with your tambourine! FRENCH SAILOR. Beat thy belly, then, and wag thy ears. Jig it, men, I say; merry’s the word; hurrah! Damn me, won’t you dance? Form, now, 
should never, never hear that old familiar sound any more--it was very hard, but it was forced on him; since he was driven out into the cold world, he must submit--but he forgave them. Then the sobs came thick and 
"D--me!" says Chickweed, "I've lost him again!"  It was a remarkable occurrence, but he warn't to be seen nowhere, so they went back to the public-house. Next morning, Spyers took his old place, and looked out, 
his wan but wondrous eyes did plainly say—We two watchmen never rest. Nor, at any time, by night or day could the mariners now step upon the deck, unless Ahab was before them; either standing in his pivot-hole, 
together under this hospitable roof, around this hospitable board. It is not the first time that we have been the recipients—or perhaps, I had better say, the victims—of the hospitality of certain good ladies.” 
That time passed, and her little Lucie lay on her bosom. Then, among the advancing echoes, there was the tread of her tiny feet and the sound of her prattling words. Let greater echoes resound as they would, the young 
near the ferry-landing; he had been drowned while trying to escape, About a fortnight after Toms rescue from the cave, he started off to visit Huck, who had grown plenty strong enough, now, to hear exciting 
Nancy's history was no sooner unfolded to him, than he poured forth a shower of mingled threats and execrations; threatened to make her the first victim of the combined ingenuity of Messrs. Blathers and Duff; 
a family in Baton Rouge that knowed his people very well.  Yes, I remember now, he _did_ die.  Mortification set in, and they had to amputate him. But it didn’t save him.  Yes, it was mortification--that 
consent, and made a large ring round the Old Hell Shaft, and appointed men to keep it.  Besides such volunteers as were accepted to work, only Sissy and Rachael were at first permitted within this ring; but, later in 
the next room, where I found an excellent supper ready on the table. The Count again excused himself, as he had dined out on his being away from home. But he sat as on the previous night, and chatted whilst I ate. 
'Not exactly that,' rejoined Mr. Brownlow, laughing; 'but we must 'Gentleness and care,' exclaimed the doctor.  'I'd send them one and 'Never mind where,' interposed Mr. Brownlow.  'But reflect whether 
last time to explain yourself clearly on two points. In the first place, did you or did you not climb the wall of the Pierron orchard, break the branch, and steal the apples; that is to say, commit the crime 
their necks stretched, trying to see, and people on the inside trying to shove them back and shouting, “Back, back! give him air, give him air!” Colonel Sherburn he tossed his pistol on to the ground, and turned 
trees, which mark the site of these poor bivouacs trembling in the Guillaume van Kylsom remained at Hougomont, "to guard the château," and concealed himself in the cellar. The English discovered him there. 
dying. He did not ignore the fact that therein lay his greatest duty and his greatest labor. Widowed and orphaned families had no need to summon him; he came of his own accord. He understood how to sit down and hold 
Mr. Pumblechook and I breakfasted at eight o’clock in the parlor behind the shop, while the shopman took his mug of tea and hunch of bread and butter on a sack of peas in the front premises. I considered Mr. 
the shape of a watch-coat; but properly speaking the thickest watch-coat is no more of a house than the unclad body; for as the soul is glued inside of its fleshy tabernacle, and cannot freely move about in it, nor 
resemblance than I’d noticed before, anyway.  Well, well, well!  I thought we was right on the track of a solution, but it’s gone to grass, partly.  But anyway, one thing is proved--_these_ two ain’t either of ‘em 
a familiar but expressive manner, and turning on his heel, slunk down the court.  Master Bates followed, with a thoughtful countenance. The noise of footsteps on the creaking stairs, a few minutes after the 
On some semi-official occasion or other, I do not recollect what, Count*** [this senator] and M. Myriel were to dine with the prefect. At dessert, the senator, who was slightly exhilarated, though still 
ever to love anybody but me, and you aint ever to marry anybody but me, No, Ill never love anybody but you, Tom, and Ill never marry anybody but you--and you aint to ever marry anybody but me, either. 
as an emigrant, whose life was forfeit to the Republic, under the decree which banished all emigrants on pain of Death. It was nothing that the decree bore date since his return to France. There he was, and there was 
Corley turned his head to see who had called him, and then continued walking as before. Lenehan ran after him, settling the waterproof on his He came level with his friend and looked keenly in his face. He could 
lying on the glass table as before, ‘and things are worse than ever,’ thought the poor child, ‘for I never was so small as this before, never! As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash! 
they have of their whaling scenes. With not one tenth of England’s experience in the fishery, and not the thousandth part of that of the Americans, they have nevertheless furnished both nations with the only 
At night, moreover, a sort of visionary mist arises from it; and if a traveller strolls there, if he listens, if he watches, if he dreams like Virgil in the fatal plains of Philippi, the hallucination of the 
‘All right, Thquire!’ said Mr. Sleary, ‘your thon may be aboard-a-thip by thith time.  Childerth took him off, an hour and a half after we left there latht night.  The horthe danthed the polka till he wath dead beat 
need your help. Well, I saw I must try to help the medicine to its work with my will, if it was to do me any good, so I resolutely set myself to sleep. Sure enough sleep must soon have come to me, for I remember no 
exceedingly observant look at him, his companion relapsed into his ‘Tom, you are inconsiderate: you expect too much of your sister.  You have had money of her, you dog, you know you have.’ 
they beat the march, with rolls on the drums and the blasts of trumpets, mighty, vast, joyous, a sea of casques, of sabres, and of bayonets on the horizon, the Emperor was touched, and twice exclaimed, "Magnificent! 
pleasure it would be. To stop and see people, and learn something of their life, and to fill our minds and memories with all the colour and picturesqueness of the whole wild, beautiful country and the quaint 
roads to triumph, and who, from the summit of his chariot of lightning, pointed them out with a sovereign finger, had he now reached that state of sinister amazement when he could lead his tumultuous legions 
The ribs were hung with trophies; the vertebrae were carved with Arsacidean annals, in strange hieroglyphics; in the skull, the priests kept up an unextinguished aromatic flame, so that the mystic head 
the road. Here the noise of trams, the lights and the crowd released At the corner of Hume Street a young woman was standing. She wore a blue dress and a white sailor hat. She stood on the curbstone, swinging a 
Charley Bates for some seconds with evident satisfaction, stepped up to that young gentleman and patted him on the shoulder. 'Never mind, Charley,' said Fagin soothingly; 'it'll come out, it'll be 
had been bestowed upon his bravery, that he could not, for the life of him, help postponing the explanation for a few delicious minutes; during which he had flourished, in the very zenith of a brief 
bell on the table, “and accept your natural destiny. But you are lost, “This property and France are lost to me,” said the nephew, sadly; “I “Are they both yours to renounce? France may be, but is the property? It 
my own gardener, and my own Jack of all Trades,” said Wemmick, in acknowledging my compliments. “Well; it’s a good thing, you know. It brushes the Newgate cobwebs away, and pleases the Aged. You wouldn’t 
the soul like the spell that is in the murmur of bees. Away off in the flaming sunshine, Cardiff Hill lifted its soft green sides through a shimmering veil of heat, tinted with the purple of distance; a few birds 
speculate with, and had abandoned her in her poverty for evermore, with no touch of compunction. Miss Pross’s fidelity of belief in Solomon (deducting a mere trifle for this slight mistake) was quite a serious 
fabulous doll which we have mentioned, and which all the village brats had been staring at ever since the morning, and he set it upright in It must be supposed that in the course of the hour and more which he had 
servant say that one of the Hands begged leave to speak to him?  Message in return, requiring name of such Hand.  Stephen Blackpool.  There was nothing troublesome against Stephen Blackpool; yes, he might come in. 
‘In my youth,’ said his father, ‘I took to the law, And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw, ‘You are old,’ said the youth, ‘one would hardly suppose 
tiger, too, a man-eater, and he never cease to prowl. Nay, in himself he is not one to retire and stay afar. In his life, his living life, he go over the Turkey frontier and attack his enemy on his own ground; he be 
The husband died. The eldest of the seven children was eight years old. Jean Valjean had just attained his twenty-fifth year. He took the father's place, and, in his turn, supported the sister who had brought 
his face slowly re-emerged into light. It was an old man’s face, very bony and hairy. The moist blue eyes blinked at the fire and the moist mouth fell open at times, munching once or twice mechanically when 
bag. Where I might go, what I might do, or when I might return, were questions utterly unknown to me; nor did I vex my mind with them, for it was wholly set on Provis’s safety. I only wondered for the passing 
in the end incorporate with themselves all manner of morbid hints, and half-formed foetal suggestions of supernatural agencies, which eventually invested Moby Dick with new terrors unborrowed from anything 
piece of paper in your hand. You have got it? Very good. Now, unfold it “This is a bank-note,” said I, “for five hundred pounds.” “That is a bank-note,” repeated Mr. Jaggers, “for five hundred pounds. 
“There, there, there!” with the impatient movement of her fingers. “I I was obliged to answer in some confusion, “I don’t think I am, ma’am.” “Not at cards again?” she demanded, with a searching look. 
As Noah's red nose grew redder with anger, and as he crossed the road while speaking, as if fully prepared to put his threat into execution, the woman rose without any further remark, and trudged onward by his 
was trusted the guarding of the frontier of Turkey-land; ay, and more than that, endless duty of the frontier guard, for, as the Turks say, 'water sleeps, and enemy is sleepless.' Who more gladly than we 
want to talk to you, my dear.  I want to talk to you.' 'Yes, yes,' returned Oliver.  'Let me say a prayer.  Do!  Let me say one prayer.  Say only one, upon your knees, with me, and we will talk 
queer one like----" She stopped and grew white, and whiter still. "Go on; go on! Speak, I command you!" said Van Helsing in an agonised voice. At the same time there was despair in his eyes, for the risen sun 
the streets were deserted, all the doors were open. Not a single living being was passing in the streets, walking through the chambers or strolling in the gardens. But behind each angle of the walls, behind 
to take me into a yard and show me where the gallows was kept, and also where people were publicly whipped, and then he showed me the Debtors’ Door, out of which culprits came to be hanged; heightening the interest 
himself particularly worthy of belief) his ruin began, as he was perfectly sure and confident that otherwise he would have been a tip-top moral specimen.  Then came Mr. Gradgrind and Mr. Bounderby, the two 
shoulder, a sob in unison, are expressions of sympathy dear to a man's heart. I stood still and silent till his sobs died away, and then I said Together we moved over to the bed, and I lifted the lawn from her face. 
piece of this poor surgeon's friend on the staircase? I've been lamed with orange-peel once, and I know orange-peel will be my death, or I'll This was the handsome offer with which Mr. Grimwig backed and confirmed 
away, and lit on its back once more. The neighboring spectators shook with a gentle inward joy, several faces went behind fans and hand-kerchiefs, and Tom was entirely happy. The dog looked foolish, 
the verdict of my examinations, for I know the difference between the question put and the question pending, for I have sustained a thesis in Latin upon the manner in which torture was administered at Rome at the 
hain’t heard nothing but about you bein’ rich.  I heard about it away down the river, too.  That’s why I come.  You git me that money “It’s a lie.  Judge Thatcher’s got it.  You git it.  I want it.” 
healthful to the earth, the water that would enrich it, the heat that would ripen it, tear it when caged up.  So in her bosom even now; the strongest qualities she possessed, long turned upon themselves, became a 
taking a lamp, tried all the doors. They were all locked, as I had expected, and the locks were comparatively new; but I went down the stone stairs to the hall where I had entered originally. I found I could 
We haven’t many of them, thank God! but we have a few.... He’s an “And how does he knock it out?” asked Mr O’Connor. “Is he attached to any chapel or church or institution or——” 
the fountain, there is raised a gallows forty feet high, poisoning the The mender of roads looked _through_ rather than _at_ the low ceiling, and pointed as if he saw the gallows somewhere in the sky. 
cordially justified his bringing his harpoon into breakfast with him, and using it there without ceremony; reaching over the table with it, to the imminent jeopardy of many heads, and grappling the beefsteaks 
about Miss Havisham, and about what she would do with me and for me, that I used to want--quite painfully--to burst into spiteful tears, fly at Pumblechook, and pummel him all over. In these dialogues, my sister 
but, most especially the last. Samples of a people that had undergone a terrible grinding and regrinding in the mill, and certainly not in the fabulous mill which ground old people young, shivered at every corner, 
words he finally departed, leaving me, for the moment, in no small At last, stepping on board the Pequod, we found everything in profound quiet, not a soul moving. The cabin entrance was locked within; the 
your sex!  They never see, whether for good or bad, more than one side of any question; and that is, always, the one which first presents Having given vent to this result of experience, the doctor put his 
filled the old ladys heart with consternation. This indifference must be broken up at any cost. Now she heard of Pain-killer for the first time. She ordered a lot at once. She tasted it and was filled with 
so much money in it, but they judged it wouldn’t be safe, because maybe the news might a worked along down by this time.  They couldn’t hit no project that suited exactly; so at last the duke said he reckoned he’d 
She thought she would have to stand in the Drumcondra tram because none of the young men seemed to notice her but an elderly gentleman made room for her. He was a stout gentleman and he wore a brown hard hat; he had 
do—for all my polite arts and blandishments—he would not move a peg, nor say a single word, nor even look at me, nor notice my presence in I wonder, thought I, if this can possibly be a part of his Ramadan; do 
'The housebreaker's boy, sir!' replied Giles.  'They--they certainly 'Think what, now?' replied Giles, looking vacantly at his questioner. 'Think it's the same boy, Stupid-head?' rejoined Blathers, impatiently. 
after.  We would sell the raft and get on a steamboat and go way up the Ohio amongst the free States, and then be out of trouble. Well, the second night a fog begun to come on, and we made for a towhead 
of course be telling two adventures rather than just one. A shorter adventure, and quite as exciting, was Tinker Bell’s attempt, with the help of some street fairies, to have the sleeping Wendy conveyed on a 
almost red when contrasted with the pale yellow moon. The other was fair, as fair as can be, with great wavy masses of golden hair and eyes like pale sapphires. I seemed somehow to know her face, and to know it 
was, that the smaller boys spent their days in terror and suffering and their nights in plotting revenge. They threw away no opportunity to do the master a mischief. But he kept ahead all the time. The retribution 
RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. So you see, Miss, we’re doing our best, afore she comes, to--’ At this 
their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about her repeating ‘YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,’ to the Caterpillar, and the 
“Yes, yes, yes, I’ll be cautious,” said Miss Pross; “but I may say among ourselves, that I do hope there will be no oniony and tobaccoey smotherings in the form of embracings all round, going on in the 
legs,--irons of a pattern that I knew well. They wore the dress that I likewise knew well. Their keeper had a brace of pistols, and carried a thick-knobbed bludgeon under his arm; but he was on terms of good 
far over to starboard and rounded to ponderously and with laborious pomp and circumstance--for he was personating the Big Missouri, and considered himself to be drawing nine feet of water. He was boat and captain and 
“Peter!” they cried, for it was always thus that he signalled his “Hide her,” they whispered, and gathered hastily around Wendy. But Again came that ringing crow, and Peter dropped in front of them. 
'Toor rul lol loo, gammon and spinnage, the frog he wouldn't, and high cockolorum,' said the Dodger:  with a slight sneer on his intellectual This was explanatory, but not satisfactory.  Master Bates felt it so; 
Oliver's recapture, to trust him with the secret, when her representations in the girl's behalf could be seconded by no experienced person.  These were all reasons for the greatest caution 
frequently, as we are assured, opened the holes excavated by the black man, and tried to rob the devil. The success of the operation appears to be but moderate. At least, if the tradition is to be believed, and in 
the gate of the field in which he stood; and that a couple of dogs were 'It's all up, Bill!' cried Toby; 'drop the kid, and show 'em your heels.'  With this parting advice, Mr. Crackit, preferring the chance 
‘’Tis a muddle,’ said Stephen, shaking his head as he moved to the door. ‘Now, I’ll tell you what!’ Mr. Bounderby resumed, as a valedictory address.  ‘With what I shall call your unhallowed opinions, you have been 
then a little girl in short clothes, was now the main prop of the household, for she had the organ in Haddington Road. She had been through the Academy and gave a pupils’ concert every year in the upper 
sentiment, waiving its application, I have since seen reason to think I was right), and I walked down the little path away from Biddy, and Biddy went into the house, and I went out at the garden gate and took a 
any one; but when I am so mistrusted—when we all are—I cannot keep such things quite out of my mind.  I ask your pardon for having done you an injury.  I don’t think what I said now.  Yet I might come to think it 
infirmary soon. The girl returned in a few minutes. Fantine was still motionless and seemed absorbed in her own thoughts. The servant informed Sister Simplice in a very low tone, that the 
‘Mrs. Bounderby,’ he resumed, in a lighter manner, and yet with a show of effort in assuming it, which was even more expressive than the manner he dismissed; ‘it is no irrevocable offence in a young fellow of your 
the doll and at the traveller; he seemed to be scenting out the man, as he would have scented out a bag of money. This did not last longer than the space of a flash of lightning. He stepped up to his wife and said to 
late; the money is of no use to me at present.  I should have had it before to be of use to me.  But I am very much obliged to you; you’re a A true friend!  ‘Whelp, whelp!’ thought Mr. Harthouse, lazily; ‘what an 
fur to bear in mind that wot I said just now, I up and said in the good “That at least is true,” said Mr. Lorry. “Say no more now. It may be that I shall yet stand your friend, if you deserve it, and repent in 
one detail. Never to have lied, never to have said, for any interest whatever, even in indifference, any single thing which was not the truth, the sacred truth, was Sister Simplice's distinctive trait; it was 
'No, surely,' said the old lady; 'my days are drawing to their close: and may mercy be shown to me as I show it to others! What can I do to 'Let me think, ma'am,' said the doctor; 'let me think.' 
him, after a little meditation over the fire, that I would like to ask him a question, subject to his answering or not answering, as he deemed right, and sure that his course would be right. He paused in his 
told me to tell you she’s gone over there in a dreadful hurry--one of “I don’t know; leastways, I kinder forget; but I thinks it’s--” “I’m sorry to say it,” I says, “but Hanner’s the very one.” 
“Thou sea-mark! thou high and mighty Pilot! thou tellest me truly where I am—but canst thou cast the least hint where I shall be? Or canst thou tell where some other thing besides me is this moment living? 
forward when I saw it first; and when I spoke, it darted away.' The Jew glanced contemptuously at the pale face of his associate, and, telling him he could follow, if he pleased, ascended the stairs.  They 
"Does Monsieur wish a bed? Does Monsieur require supper?" "The stableman says that Monsieur's horse is extremely fatigued." "Will not the horse be in a condition to set out again to-morrow 
her condition seemed to become more grave from week to week. That handful of snow applied to her bare skin between her shoulder-blades had brought about a sudden suppression of perspiration, as a consequence of 
might not speak so freely before a third person as when he and I were I found him sitting out in the middle of the floor on his stool, a pose which is generally indicative of some mental energy on his part. When I 
but she's knocking about in the queerest way. She doesn't know her mind a bit; she seems to see the storm coming, but can't decide whether to run up north in the open, or to put in here. Look there again! She is 
my hands together until they trembled, murmuring: “O love! O love!” At last she spoke to me. When she addressed the first words to me I was so confused that I did not know what to answer. She asked me was I going 
would be very happy indeed, and he had not the heart to disappoint her. He knew that there was trouble enough in the world; and if the old woman had lived so long, and could count upon his having so little, why so much 
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while she was talking. ‘How CAN I have done that?’ she thought. ‘I must 
Tommy, don’t make punch of that whisky: liquor up.” “O, come on, another one won’t do you any harm. What is it? The same “François, the same again.... Will you smoke, Tommy?” 
“This friend,” I pursued, “is trying to get on in commercial life, but has no money, and finds it difficult and disheartening to make a beginning. Now I want somehow to help him to a beginning.” 
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--“’ ‘Found IT,’ the Mouse replied rather crossly: ‘of course you know what 
say anything. With a mocking smile, he placed one hand upon my shoulder and, holding me tight, bared my throat with the other, saying as he did so, 'First, a little refreshment to reward my exertions. You may as well 
"Who sent you at such an hour to get water in the forest?" The man resumed, in a voice which he strove to render indifferent, but in which there was, nevertheless, a singular tremor:-- 
English firmness, the English resolution, the English blood; the superb thing about England there, no offence to her, was herself. It was not Wellington, oddly ungrateful, declares in a letter to Lord Bathurst, 
Siberia. We are among those who respect everything which is in the nature of a rare plant. Here, then, is the superstition of Montfermeil: it is thought that the devil, from time immemorial, has selected the 
and drive them in. Let them fight the doodle-doo for their lives. If they kill him, we’re so much the better; if he kills them, we’re none For the last time his dogs admired Hook, and devotedly they did his 
The factory-bells had need to ring their loudest that morning to disperse the groups of workers who stood in the tardy daybreak, collected round the placards, devouring them with eager eyes.  Not the least eager of the 
his feet by turns upon the hob, and looking thoughtfully at them as if he pitied them for their recent adventures. Suddenly, he turned to the “I wish to say something respecting this escape. It may prevent some 
neither the trip to the forest, nor the weight of the bucket of water, nor the loss of the money, nor the sight of the whip, nor even the sad words which she had heard Madame Thénardier utter had been able to wring 
“You stock and stone!” exclaimed Miss Havisham. “You cold, cold heart!” “What?” said Estella, preserving her attitude of indifference as she leaned against the great chimney-piece and only moving her eyes; “do you 
out of the Star of the Sea Church in Sandymount, leaning on the arm of a jovial well-fed man, who was dressed smartly in a frock-coat and lavender trousers and carried a silk hat gracefully balanced upon his 
Gabelle hinted, with infinite delicacy and politeness, that in the pressure of business imposed on the Tribunal by the multitude of enemies of the Republic with which it had to deal, he had been slightly 
So three months glided away; three months which, in the life of the most blessed and favoured of mortals, might have been unmingled happiness, and which, in Oliver's were true felicity. With the purest 
far corner of the square. They must have gone home by another way. The paper of his cigarette broke and he flung it into the road with a curse. Suddenly he saw them coming towards him. He started with delight and, 
saw that all hands on board the steamer were running forward quite frantically. Still, in the same moment, I saw the prisoner start up, lean across his captor, and pull the cloak from the neck of the 
cautiousness was therefore no longer of use. Paddles were dropped, and oars came loudly into play. And still puffing at his pipe, Stubb cheered Yes, a mighty change had come over the fish. All alive to his jeopardy, 
catalogue all these things. Let a handful suffice. For many years past the whale-ship has been the pioneer in ferreting out the remotest and least known parts of the earth. She has explored seas and archipelagoes 
“See,” he said, “the arrow struck against this. It is the kiss I gave “I remember kisses,” Slightly interposed quickly, “let me see it. Ay, Peter did not hear him. He was begging Wendy to get better quickly, so 
hold my head up with the rest, how could I see you Drummle’s wife?” “Nonsense,” she returned,--“nonsense. This will pass in no time.” “You will get me out of your thoughts in a week.” 
that he could read the coffin plates, and so holding it that the sperm dropped in white patches which congealed as they touched the metal, he made assurance of Lucy's coffin. Another search in his bag, and he took 
dye-works, tanneries, and the like, open country, avenues of leafless trees. The hard uneven pavement is under us, the soft deep mud is on either side. Sometimes, we strike into the skirting mud, to avoid the 
This way for the runaway convicts!” Then both voices would seem to be stifled in a struggle, and then would break out again. And when it had come to this, the soldiers ran like deer, and Joe too. 
It was of no use asking myself this question now. There I was, on Joe’s back, and there was Joe beneath me, charging at the ditches like a hunter, and stimulating Mr. Wopsle not to tumble on his Roman nose, and 
“Leggo the boy, you old idiot!  Would _you_ a done any different?  Did you inquire around for _him_ when you got loose?  I don’t remember it.” So the king let go of me, and begun to cuss that town and everybody in 
body was on the alert; and he appeared before Mr. Bounderby came in.  ‘I didn’t mean to be cross, Loo,’ he said, giving her his hand, and kissing her.  ‘I know you are fond of me, and you know I am fond of you.’ 
was to be expected under the fatiguing circumstances; and came riding back at six o’clock.  There was a sweep of some half-mile between the lodge and the house, and he was riding along at a foot pace over the 
eyebrows for its base, while his eyes found commodious cellarage in two dark caves, overshadowed by the wall.  The emphasis was helped by the speaker’s mouth, which was wide, thin, and hard set.  The emphasis was 
appertaining to any subject on which you show reserve—which is indeed hardy in me, for I well know you have a reason for everything you do—have you received intelligence respecting the robbery?’ 
make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, 
occasion of his renouncing by proxy the works of darkness, in the easterly parish church of Hounsditch, he had received the added The scene was Mr. Cruncher’s private lodging in Hanging-sword-alley, 
enrolling himself in that crusade of kings against people as a volunteer, with grenadier epaulets of red worsted; the soldiers of the Empire setting out on a fresh campaign, but aged, saddened, after eight 
private sitting-room was a story higher, at the window of which post of observation she was ready, every morning, to greet Mr. Bounderby, as he came across the road, with the sympathizing recognition appropriate to a 
He looked to the spot where Defarge the vendor of wine had stood, a moment before; but the wretched father was grovelling on his face on the pavement in that spot, and the figure that stood beside him was the 
"Down with wisdom! Forget all that I have said. Let us be neither prudes nor prudent men nor prudhommes. I propose a toast to mirth; be merry. Let us complete our course of law by folly and eating! Indigestion and 
came sideways smiting the sea. But soon, as if satisfied that his work for that time was done, he pushed his pleated forehead through the ocean, and trailing after him the intertangled lines, continued his 
of, was this: As I became stronger and better, Joe became a little less easy with me. In my weakness and entire dependence on him, the dear fellow had fallen into the old tone, and called me by the old names, 
of ours to open that door,--and I opened it first to Mr. Wopsle, next to Mr. and Mrs. Hubble, and last of all to Uncle Pumblechook. N.B. I was not allowed to call him uncle, under the severest penalties. 
dinner-hour, to banquet upon a small joint of mutton--a pound and a half of the worst end of the neck--when Charlotte being called out of the way, there ensued a brief interval of time, which Noah Claypole, 
the impressions which each independent organ imparts. The whale, therefore, must see one distinct picture on this side, and another distinct picture on that side; while all between must be profound 
“I’d be a match for all noodles and all rogues,” returned my sister, beginning to work herself into a mighty rage. “And I couldn’t be a match for the noodles, without being a match for your master, who’s the 
for master and missus and bring them home from the party, and then, oh, She tied the unhappy dog up again, but do you think Nana ceased to bark? Bring master and missus home from the party! Why, that was just what she 
the pursuits through the grass, the waists embraced on the fly, those jargons which are melodies, those adorations which burst forth in the manner of pronouncing a syllable, those cherries torn from one mouth by 
Nor, in quite other aspects, does Nature in her least palpable but not the less malicious agencies, fail to enlist among her forces this crowning attribute of the terrible. From its snowy aspect, the 
for his poised lance, lo! a broad white shadow rose from the sea; by its quick, fanning motion, temporarily taking the breath out of the bodies of the oarsmen. Next instant, the luckless mate, so full of furious 
‘Don’t stir from here, for his sake!  Let me go and listen.’ She shuddered to approach the pit; but she crept towards it on her hands and knees, and called to him as loud as she could call.  She listened, 
a bull-headed blundering way, sentimental, sighed like some large sea-animal.  ‘I cannot bear to see you so, sir,’ said Mrs. Sparsit.  ‘Try a hand at backgammon, sir, as you used to do when I had the honour of 
with sudden impatience, “In the name of that sharp female newly-born, and called La Guillotine, why did you come to France?” “You heard me say why, a minute ago. Do you not believe it is the 
she turned, with her nose in the air, and he heard her say: Mf! some people think theyre mighty smart--always showing off! Toms cheeks burned. He gathered himself up and sneaked off, crushed and 
After abandonment, straightened circumstances. Fantine had immediately lost sight of Favourite, Zéphine and Dahlia; the bond once broken on the side of the men, it was loosed between the women; they would have been 
When the three men had gone out to their tasks Van Helsing asked Mrs. Harker to look up the copy of the diaries and find him the part of Harker's journal at the Castle. She went away to get it; when the door 
'Heaven bless you for your goodness!' rejoined the girl. 'If you knew what I am sometimes, you would pity me, indeed. But I have stolen away from those who would surely murder me, if they knew I had been here, to 
The boats had not gone very far, when by a signal from the mast-heads—a downward pointed arm, Ahab knew that the whale had sounded; but intending to be near him at the next rising, he held on his 
had her carefully wrapped up I put my shoes on her feet and then began very gently to wake her. At first she did not respond; but gradually she became more and more uneasy in her sleep, moaning and sighing 
Now the advent of these outlandish strangers at such a critical instant as the lowering of the boats from the deck, this had not unreasonably awakened a sort of superstitious amazement in some of the ship’s 
“Half time now, boys,” he used to say light-heartedly. “Where’s That was Ignatius Gallaher all out; and, damn it, you couldn’t but Little Chandler quickened his pace. For the first time in his life he 
running line with water; in many other ships, a wooden piggin, or bailer, is set apart for that purpose. Your hat, however, is the most From the vibrating line extending the entire length of the upper part of 
touching the general law of Fast and Loose-Fish, it is here treated of in a separate chapter, on the same courteous principle that prompts the English railways to be at the expense of a separate car, specially 
older, it stood still. Daylight never entered the house as to my thoughts and remembrances of it, any more than as to the actual fact. It bewildered me, and under its influence I continued at heart to hate my 
'No, no, to be sure,' replied the Jew; 'you were too stout-hearted for 'Perhaps I was,' rejoined Tom, looking round; 'and if I was, what's to The Jew, perceiving that Mr. Chitling was considerably roused, hastened 
As we were going with our candle along the dark passage, Estella stopped all of a sudden, and, facing round, said in her taunting manner, with “Well, miss?” I answered, almost falling over her and checking myself. 
the gaoler made a general inspection of these objects, and of the four walls, before going out, a wandering fancy wandered through the mind of the prisoner leaning against the wall opposite to him, that this gaoler 
examine them closely enough to decide upon their merit. In bony, ribby regions of the earth, where at the base of high broken cliffs masses of rock lie strewn in fantastic groupings upon the 
though man loved his fellow, yet man is a money-making animal, which propensity too often interferes with his benevolence. But we are all in the hands of the Gods; and Pip jumped again. It was 
of the hand with which I shaded my face, appealing in dumb show to the furniture to take notice of my proficiency. The imaginary student pursued by the misshapen creature he had impiously made, was not more 
it will soon after fall into dust. In such case there would be no evidence against us, in case any suspicion of murder were aroused. But even if it were not, we should stand or fall by our act, and perhaps 
“Yah!” cried Wemmick, suddenly hitting out at the turnkey in a facetious way, “you’re dumb as one of your own keys when you have to do with my principal, you know you are. Let us out, you old fox, or I’ll get him to 
victorious soldiers, and back of the hundred thousand a million; their cannon stand with yawning mouths, the match is lighted; they grind down under their heels the Imperial guards, and the grand army; they have 
not do away with ledgers. I would be free as air; and I’m down in the whole world’s books. I am so rich, I could have given bid for bid with the wealthiest Praetorians at the auction of the Roman empire (which was 
suddenly supervened and reanimated this poor, worn-out creature. "Doctor," she went on, "did the sister tell you that M. le Maire has The doctor recommended silence, and that all painful emotions should be 
all pain, nor will this pain be the last. We and you too--you most of all, my dear boy--will have to pass through the bitter water before we reach the sweet. But we must be brave of heart and unselfish, and do our 
things will interfere with my chartering a few thousand tons on my own account. I think I shall trade,” said he, leaning back in his chair, “to the East Indies, for silks, shawls, spices, dyes, drugs, and precious 
moments under a lamp.  A noise, as if a sash window were gently raised, was heard; and soon afterwards the door softly opened.  Mr. Sikes then seized the terrified boy by the collar with very little ceremony; and 
had come from the galleys, and was dressed in red, like Chenildieu, was a peasant from Lourdes, and a half-bear of the Pyrenees. He had guarded the flocks among the mountains, and from a shepherd he had slipped into 
instantaneous swiftness, the White Whale darted through the weltering sea. But when Ahab cried out to the steersman to take new turns with the line, and hold it so; and commanded the crew to turn round on their 
because I was there, and that, however slight an appearance of danger there might be about us, danger was always near and active. I put such questions to Mr. Wopsle as, When did the man come in? He 
The old monks of Dunfermline were very fond of them. They had a great The fact is, that among his hunters at least, the whale would by all hands be considered a noble dish, were there not so much of him; but 
and anxiety. He no longer knew where he really was. Like an owl, who should suddenly see the sun rise, the convict had been dazzled and That which was certain, that which he did not doubt, was that he was no 
The night was hot, and the shop, close shut and surrounded by so foul a neighbourhood, was ill-smelling. Monsieur Defarge’s olfactory sense was by no means delicate, but the stock of wine smelt much stronger than 
conscious of the eyes of the whole visible world resting on him from the sides of the two ships, this standing captain is all alive to the importance of sustaining his dignity by maintaining his legs. Nor is 
It was a narrow, natural basin, hollowed out by the water in a clayey soil, about two feet deep, surrounded with moss and with those tall, crimped grasses which are called Henry IV.'s frills, and paved with 
from which pale travellers set out continually, in carts and coaches, on a violent passage into the other world: traversing some two miles and a half of public street and road, and shaming few good citizens, if any. 
As for the traveller, he had deposited his cudgel and his bundle in a corner. The landlord once gone, he threw himself into an arm-chair and remained for some time buried in thought. Then he removed his shoes, 
additions unfair, and scoundrelly. In the midst of the prayer a fly had lit on the back of the pew in front of him and tortured his spirit by calmly rubbing its hands together, embracing its head with its arms, and 
At a certain moment he made that indescribable gesture of a sort of authority mingled with rebellion, which is intended to convey, and which does so well convey, _"Pardieu! who compels me to this?"_ Then 
ship, the smoke of the torments of the boiling whale is going up like the smoke over a village of smithies; and to windward, a black cloud, rising up with earnest of squalls and rains, seems to quicken the 
demanding repose he would not seek that repose in his hammock. Never could Starbuck forget the old man’s aspect, when one night going down into the cabin to mark how the barometer stood, he saw him with 
devils, and raise the buried dead perpendicular out of their graves, “Woo-hoo! Wa-hee!” screamed the Gay-Header in reply, raising some old war-whoop to the skies; as every oarsman in the strained boat 
part. My present name, though but slightly changed from my mother’s, is not, as you will remember, my own. I wish to tell you what that is, and “I wish it, that I may the better deserve your confidence, and have no 
“No!” returned the spy. “I throw up. I confess that we were so unpopular with the outrageous mob, that I only got away from England at the risk of being ducked to death, and that Cly was so ferreted up and down, that 
always in trouble) that I heard what I did. I kept my ears open, seeming to have them shut, until I heard that he was absent, and I thought that would be the best time for making the attempt. I can only suppose now, 
I invited Wemmick to come upstairs, and refresh himself with a glass of grog before walking to Walworth. He accepted the invitation. While he was drinking his moderate allowance, he said, with nothing to lead up to 
ferryboats side, and as it expanded and rose in a lazy cloud, that same dull throb of sound was borne to the listeners again. Thats it! said Huck; they done that last summer, when Bill Turner 
be informed as to facts, and can arrange our plan of battle with this _30 September._--When we met in Dr. Seward's study two hours after dinner, which had been at six o'clock, we unconsciously formed a sort of 
out of being common, old chap. And as to being common, I don’t make it out at all clear. You are oncommon in some things. You’re oncommon “Why, see what a letter you wrote last night! Wrote in print even! I’ve 
with a romantic mind and such a sweet mocking mouth. Her romantic mind was like the tiny boxes, one within the other, that come from the puzzling East, however many you discover there is always one more; and 
“I don’t know; it seems a sort of foolish to me, tho.’” “May be; may be. But it’s made a wise man of me, Flask. D’ye see Ahab standing there, sideways looking over the stern? Well, the best 
pupils that were lately being boxed, lifting pretty warning fingers at bad little boys and patting good ones lovingly. The young gentlemen teachers showed off with small scoldings and other little displays of 
white sharp teeth, behind the full lips of the blood-dripping mouth, champed together like those of a wild beast. With a wrench, which threw his victim back upon the bed as though hurled from a height, he turned 
see you again, Dick.  I know I shall!  You will be well and happy!' 'I hope so,' replied the child.  'After I am dead, but not before.  I know the doctor must be right, Oliver, because I dream so much of 
a woman of wisdom and experience; she knew what was good for children; and she had a very accurate perception of what was good for herself. So, she appropriated the greater part of the weekly stipend to her own 
liveliness of expertness in him, too; all this would seem to argue some uncommon vivacity of intelligence. But not precisely so. For nothing was this man more remarkable, than for a certain impersonal stolidity as 
through every jail in town, and then hauling him up for some capital felony which Fagin could easily manage, after having made a good profit 'The truth, lady, though it comes from my lips,' replied the girl. 
also, with tricoloured ribbons; also, with the standard inscription (tricoloured letters were the favourite), Republic One and Indivisible. The miserable shop of the wood-sawyer was so small, that its whole 
foot, the like of which was once a rarity in those parts, but was now a frequent presence. As it advanced, the mender of roads would discern without surprise, that it was a shaggy-haired man, of almost barbarian 
yourselves from the marshes, hereabouts? Not above a mile, I reckon?” “That’ll do. We begin to close in upon ‘em about dusk. A little before “Convicts, sergeant?” asked Mr. Wopsle, in a matter-of-course way. 
a large gold epaulette peeped from beneath the cuirass; this officer no longer possessed a helmet. A furious sword-cut had scarred his face, However, he did not appear to have any broken limbs, and, by some happy 
What books are these?  You've been a stealing 'em, have you? Give 'em here.'  With these words, the man tore the volumes from his grasp, and 'That's right!' cried a looker-on, from a garret-window. 'That's the 
was the custom of the boys to stop it with a mushroom when enemies were Not only smoke came out of it. There came also children’s voices, for so safe did the boys feel in their hiding-place that they were gaily 
he’d break up and go down and live with Uncle Ben, who’s got a little one-horse place on the river, forty-four mile below Orleans.  Pa was pretty poor, and had some debts; so when he’d squared up there warn’t 
streets,—but at seeing him and me upon such confidential terms. But we heeded them not, going along wheeling the barrow by turns, and Queequeg now and then stopping to adjust the sheath on his harpoon barbs. I asked 
glass table. ‘Now, I’ll manage better this time,’ she said to herself, and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she 
it, as it does to-day. Wherever it is placed on the borders of a capital, a railway station is the death of a suburb and the birth of a city. It seems as though, around these great centres of the movements of 
thousand pounds out of sixpence, and more or less reproached them every one for not accomplishing the little feat.  What I did you can do.  Why ‘As to their wanting recreations, ma’am,’ said Bitzer, ‘it’s stuff and 
of nice qualities. They are _very, very_ superstitious. In the first house where we stopped, when the woman who served us saw the scar on my forehead, she crossed herself and put out two fingers towards me, to 
‘And, Mrs. Gradgrind,’ said her husband in a lofty manner, ‘I should as soon have expected to find my children reading poetry.’ ‘Dear me,’ whimpered Mrs. Gradgrind.  ‘How can you, Louisa and Thomas!  I 
proofs, would produce against him that fatal register, and would quash his last chance of life. Besides that all secret men are men soon terrified, here were surely cards enough of one black suit, to justify 
sleep at the parsonage, but divide their attentions so equally among its inmates, and Oliver and Mr. Brownlow, and Mr. Losberne, that to this day the villagers have never been able to discover to which 
the whale-lance. Many are as green as the Green Mountains whence they came. In some things you would think them but a few hours old. Look there! that chap strutting round the corner. He wears a beaver hat and 
“That’s true, that’s true—yes, both true enough. But you must jump when he gives an order. Step and growl; growl and go—that’s the word with Captain Ahab. But nothing about that thing that happened to 
our work is near the end. But if there be some missing, we must search until we find them. Then shall we make our final _coup_, and hunt the wretch to his real death." We all sat silent awhile and all at once Mr. 
me; I am in fear--in awful fear--and there is no escape for me; I am encompassed about with terrors that I dare not think of.... _15 May._--Once more have I seen the Count go out in his lizard fashion. 
“The tom-tom,” the miscreants heard Peter cry; “an Indian victory!” The doomed children answered with a cheer that was music to the black hearts above, and almost immediately they repeated their good-byes 
there for pins, to fasten her old hempen thews and tendons to. Those thews ran not through base blocks of land wood, but deftly travelled over sheaves of sea-ivory. Scorning a turnstile wheel at her reverend 
took the earliest opportunity of putting a dirty old copy of a local newspaper so directly in my way, that I took it up and read this Our readers will learn, not altogether without interest, in reference to 
‘What sum of money,’ said Mr. Gradgrind, ‘will you set against your ‘Thank you, sir,’ returned Bitzer, ‘for hinting at the proposal; but I will not set any sum against it.  Knowing that your clear head would 
Helsing in excellent spirits, and Lucy much better. Shortly after I had arrived, a big parcel from abroad came for the Professor. He opened it with much impressment--assumed, of course--and showed a great bundle of 
houses in the East and the South, took with them the keys in a great bunch, and set out to destroy the boxes in these places. The rest of us are, with what patience we can, waiting their return--or the coming of 
assure himself that the soil has not recently been disturbed. That done, he took his bearings, and resumed his march through the As he walked through the thicket in the direction of Montfermeil, he had 
do otherwise; the infinity would overwhelm it. Nevertheless, these details, which are wrongly called trivial,--there are no trivial facts in humanity, nor little leaves in vegetation,--are useful. It is of 
contended with himself that it was impossible to foresee what that lady might pretend next; and he felt assured that if she should take it into her brightly ornamented head to pretend that she had seen him do a 
moonlight fell upon the masses of driving clouds and showed in startling prominence a dark-haired woman, dressed in the cerements of the grave. We could not see the face, for it was bent down over what we saw to be a 
busted a firecracker right under my nose and I knocked him sprawling. Little did I know then, how soon--Oh, if it was to do over again Id hug Yes, yes, yes, I know just how you feel, Mrs. Harper, I know just 
a darkly-tanned, burly, good-natured, fine-looking man, of sixty or thereabouts, dressed in a spacious roundabout, that hung round him in festoons of blue pilot-cloth; and one empty arm of this jacket streamed 
weeks of the year. Come again after six days. You hear?” “Estella, take him down. Let him have something to eat, and let him roam I followed the candle down, as I had followed the candle up, and she 
stockings destined for the young Thénardiers. A very young kitten was playing about among the chairs. Laughter and chatter were audible in the adjoining room, from two fresh children's voices: it was Éponine and 
which without being good are very tolerable. The subject is Telemachus being knighted by Minerva in some gardens, the name of which escapes me. In short, where the Roman ladies repaired on one single night. What 
liturgies and XXXIX Articles—leaving Queequeg, then, fasting on his tomahawk pipe, and Yojo warming himself at his sacrificial fire of shavings, I sallied out among the shipping. After much prolonged 
appeared of great duration, and which teemed with anxiety and horror; and when in the morning I tried to sit up in my bed and think of it, I Whether I really had been down in Garden Court in the dead of the night, 
you’s de bes’ fren’ Jim’s ever had; en you’s de _only_ fren’ ole Jim’s I was paddling off, all in a sweat to tell on him; but when he says this, it seemed to kind of take the tuck all out of me.  I went along 
strengthened the dangerous alienation from her husband and confidence against him with another, into which she had fallen by degrees so fine that she could not retrace them if she tried.  But whether she ever tried 
lovingly at his wife, his wife only looking from him to look with solicitude at her father, Doctor Manette keeping his eyes fixed on the reader, Madame Defarge never taking hers from the prisoner, Defarge 
There was a bookcase in the room; I saw from the backs of the books, that they were about evidence, criminal law, criminal biography, trials, acts of Parliament, and such things. The furniture was all very solid 
It was absolutely necessary that Cosette should be in bed and beside a He walked straight up to the man whom he saw in the garden. He had taken in his hand the roll of silver which was in the pocket of his waistcoat. 
tried to turn the discussion aside with some small pleasantry that made us all laugh. Resenting this little success more than anything, Drummle, without any threat or warning, pulled his hands out of his pockets, 
I may never stir if it does. Please dont, auntie. I dont want to stay Oh, you dont, dont you? So all this row was because you thought youd get to stay home from school and go a-fishing? Tom, Tom, I love you so, 
eccentricity of his destiny; and through this stupor he felt that shudder which precedes great shocks. He bent like an oak at the approach of a storm, like a soldier at the approach of an assault. He felt 
own:  which, being exhausted, he and his friend Mr. Dawkins launched into a glowing description of the numerous pleasures incidental to the life they led, interspersed with a variety of hints to Oliver that the 
his right. “Regular rules!” Here, he skipped from his right leg on to his left. “Come to the ground, and go through the preliminaries!” Here, he dodged backwards and forwards, and did all sorts of things while I 
and garden; embraced a youthful, daughter-like, loving wife, and three blithe, ruddy children; every Sunday went to a cheerful-looking church, planted in a grove. But one night, under cover of darkness, and further 
wiping his eyes with his sleeve, began to blubber out something about a resolution to escape from hard usage and lack of sympathy at home by roaming abroad into the great world never to return; and ended by hoping 
house this morning, and then went to breakfast, and Tom dropped the pewter spoon in Uncle Silas’s coat-pocket, and Aunt Sally wasn’t come And when she come she was hot and red and cross, and couldn’t hardly 
“I wasn’t crying about mothers,” he said rather indignantly. “I was crying because I can’t get my shadow to stick on. Besides, I wasn’t Then Wendy saw the shadow on the floor, looking so draggled, and she was 
'Not weak, ma'am,' retorted Mr. Bumble, drawing his chair a little 'We are all weak creeturs,' said Mrs. Corney, laying down a general Nothing was said on either side, for a minute or two afterwards. By the 
glass again, smelt the port, tried it, drank it, filled again, and cross-examined the glass again, until I was as nervous as if I had known the wine to be telling him something to my disadvantage. Three or four 
The Aged’s reading reminded me of the classes at Mr. Wopsle’s great-aunt’s, with the pleasanter peculiarity that it seemed to come through a keyhole. As he wanted the candles close to him, and as he was 
inflamed, and I could scarcely endure to have it touched. But, they tore up their handkerchiefs to make fresh bandages, and carefully replaced it in the sling, until we could get to the town and obtain some cooling 
hand--separated him from the rest, and got him between himself and the “Show me the North Tower!” said Defarge. “Quick!” “I will faithfully,” replied the man, “if you will come with me. But 
Peter Pan. ‘Twas he cut off my arm.” He brandished the hook threateningly. “I’ve waited long to shake his hand with this. Oh, I’ll “And yet,” said Smee, “I have often heard you say that hook was worth a 
been killed by a fall from a tree. All that remained to Jean Valjean was a sister older than himself,--a widow with seven children, boys and girls. This sister had brought up Jean Valjean, and so long as she had a 
have not stolen, and that I am Father Champmathieu; I have been with M. Baloup; I have had a settled residence. You worry me with your nonsense, there! Why is everybody pursuing me so furiously?" 
with a Cross and a new large figure of Our Saviour on it; it was a poor figure in wood, done by some inexperienced rustic carver, but he had studied the figure from the life--his own life, maybe--for it was 
in the heads of more men than you think likely, then I tell you that you had better--and would much sooner when you had thought well of it--chop off that bandaged left hand of yours with your bandaged right hand, and 
"And fifteen francs in addition for preliminary expenses," added the "Total, fifty-seven francs," said Madame Thénardier. And she hummed "I will pay it," said the mother. "I have eighty francs. I shall have 
on because he didn’t manage to kill Harney that day he shot at him--I All of a sudden, bang! bang! bang! goes three or four guns--the men had slipped around through the woods and come in from behind without their 
atonement is made for this, it will one day be required of him. What I have left to call my own--it is little beyond the worth of a few jewels--I will make it the first charge of his life to bestow, with the 
And running up after me, she caught me as I was again trying to force “I don’t allow it; I won’t have my premises spoiled. Go for the locksmith, there’s one about a mile from here. But avast!” putting 
‘Now, I give you fair warning,’ shouted the Queen, stamping on the ground as she spoke; ‘either you or your head must be off, and that in The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment. 
seemed his verdant jet. When the vast body had at last been stripped of its fathom-deep enfoldings, and the bones become dust dry in the sun, then the skeleton was carefully transported up the Pupella glen, where a 
the fierce uniqueness of the very nature of that wild Scandinavian vocation in which I had so abandonedly embarked. But it was especially the aspect of the three chief officers of the ship, the mates, which 
figs, a dish of custard topped with grated nutmeg, a small bowl full of chocolates and sweets wrapped in gold and silver papers and a glass vase in which stood some tall celery stalks. In the centre of the table there 
beetle had resumed their accustomed dominance; when time-discoloured stone, and dust-encrusted mortar, and rusty, dank iron, and tarnished brass, and clouded silver-plating gave back the feeble glimmer of a 
could not find the key of the room or the key of the outer door, which was the main object of my search, I must make further examination, or all my efforts would be in vain. It was open, and led through a stone 
Brussels sprout was missing; but by and by whole cauliflowers dropped out, and instead of them there were pictures of babies without faces. She drew them when she should have been totting up. They were Mrs. 
by his travelled air, his well-cut tweed suit, and fearless accent. Few fellows had talents like his and fewer still could remain unspoiled by such success. Gallaher’s heart was in the right place and he had 
sailing off with the utmost gravity and solemnity. Captain D’Wolf applied immediately to the pumps to examine whether or not the vessel had received any damage from the shock, but we found that very happily 
into details: it pleaded for the church, and the little children of the church; for the other churches of the village; for the village itself; for the county; for the State; for the State officers; for the United 
quarrel with myself which I was always carrying on, I was half inclined to shed tears of vexation and distress when Biddy gave utterance to her sentiment and my own. I told her she was right, and I knew it was much 
speaking if he hear my words, 'Ha, ha! a stranger!' I have been so long master that I would be master still--or at least that none other should be master of me. You come to me not alone as agent of my friend Peter 
Cosette ate with them under the table, from a wooden bowl similar to The mother, who had established herself, as we shall see later on, at M. sur M., wrote, or, more correctly, caused to be written, a letter every 
It had seemed to me, in the many anxious considerations I had given the point, almost indifferent what port we made for,--Hamburg, Rotterdam, Antwerp,--the place signified little, so that he was out of England. Any 
insignificant swallow of heaven, had never known what it was to take refuge under a mother's shadow and under a wing. For the last five years, that is to say, as far back as her memory ran, the poor child had 
before his, and the reflection of that grand conscience upon his, did not count for something in his approach to perfection. This "pastoral visit" naturally furnished an occasion for a murmur of 
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); ‘now I’m opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!’ (for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of 
"Oh, hush! oh, hush! in the name of the good God. Don't say such things, Jonathan, my husband; or you will crush me with fear and horror. Just think, my dear--I have been thinking all this long, long day of it--that 
brought to the scene of the murder. They were allowed to leave the stand Every detail of the damaging circumstances that occurred in the graveyard upon that morning which all present remembered so well was 
began with other people, but he has had to wind up with himself, after all. He has regulated all his charities. Now here are three thousand That same evening the Bishop wrote out and handed to his sister a 
marketless waters, butter was at a premium, and therefore was not for him, a subaltern; however it was, Flask, alas! was a butterless man! Another thing. Flask was the last person down at the dinner, and Flask 
if, during this brief period, Oliver had been surrounded by careful grandmothers, anxious aunts, experienced nurses, and doctors of profound wisdom, he would most inevitably and indubitably have been 
terrace staircase, had it borne in upon their starved fancy that the expression of the faces was altered. A rumour just lived in the village--had a faint and bare existence there, as its people had--that 
between then, in Whitby and all the world before me, Jonathan away and no news of him; and now, married to Jonathan, Jonathan a solicitor, a partner, rich, master of his business, Mr. Hawkins dead and buried, and 
sought.  From this dismal spot they were rescued by a savage old postilion, who happened to be up early, kicking a horse in a fly: and so were smuggled into the town by all the back lanes where the pigs lived: 
It seemed to him an age since he was there before. Somebody pinched his arm. He turned, and his eyes met Huckleberrys. Then both looked elsewhere at once, and wondered if anybody had noticed anything in their 
Almost in the same breath they cried, “Peter would look at them through It is quite the most successful way of defying wolves, and as one boy they bent and looked through their legs. The next moment is the long 
he locked up his cake till the mice ate it, or so determined to go a bird’s-nesting that he got himself eaten by bears who lived handy in the neighborhood. I tell you what I should like. We are so harmonious, and 
And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. ‘They must go by the carrier,’ she thought; ‘and how funny it’ll seem, sending presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look! 
him, so I suppose he isn't above trying to use a respectable lunatic. He certainly did seem earnest, though. I only hope we have done what is best. These things, in conjunction with the wild work we have in hand, 
Pitchiola--that’s its right name when it’s in a prison.  And you want to “You don’t _want_ spring water; you want to water it with your tears. “Why, Mars Tom, I lay I kin raise one er dem mullen-stalks twyste wid 
and unloading one of these whale cemeteries, in the Greenland dock, a savor is given forth somewhat similar to that arising from excavating an old city grave-yard, for the foundations of a Lying-in-Hospital. 
so quick and hurried, that he had scarcely time to recollect where he was, or how he came there, when the carriage stopped at the house to which the Jew's steps had been directed on the previous evening. 
“And you have once in your life passed a holy church in Cape-Town, where you doubtless overheard a holy parson addressing his hearers as his beloved fellow-creatures, have you, cook! And yet you come here, 
Éponine and Azelma had passed hours in contemplating it, and Cosette herself had ventured to cast a glance at it, on the sly, it is true. At the moment when Cosette emerged, bucket in hand, melancholy and 
The voice came from the sofa across the room, and its tones brought relief and joy to my heart, for they were those of Quincey Morris. Van Helsing started angrily at the first sound, but his face softened and a 
robbery, examined the witnesses, made notes of the evidence, found the suspected persons guilty, and sentenced them to the extreme punishment of the law.  That done, Bitzer was dismissed to town with instructions to 
Tom was off at once. He did not care to have Hucks company in public places. He was gone half an hour. He found that in the best tavern, No. 2 had long been occupied by a young lawyer, and was still so occupied. 
Darnay. It was an infamous prosecution, grossly infamous; but not the “You have laid me under an obligation to you for life--in two senses,” “I have done my best for you, Mr. Darnay; and my best is as good as 
“Well, then, you’ll have to stay in the cabin when me and Jim leaves.” “Not much.  I’ll stuff Jim’s clothes full of straw and lay it on his bed to represent his mother in disguise, and Jim ‘ll take the nigger woman’s 
“There’s power here,” said Mr. Jaggers, coolly tracing out the sinews with his forefinger. “Very few men have the power of wrist that this woman has. It’s remarkable what mere force of grip there is in these 
this same New Bedford, thence to embark on their voyage, it may as well be related that I, for one, had no idea of so doing. For my mind was made up to sail in no other than a Nantucket craft, because there was a 
up to scatter it. But, the stars were shining beyond the mist, and the moon was coming, and the evening was not dark. I could trace out where every part of the old house had been, and where the brewery had been, 
cables were fastened, that it was impossible to cast them off. Meantime everything in the Pequod was aslant. To cross to the other side of the deck was like walking up the steep gabled roof of a house. The ship 
hours, he had plenty of shouting and weeping and sentimental company, and throughout Defarge held him by the collar, as if to restrain him from flying at the objects of his brief devotion and tearing them to 
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the Duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it--once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the 
the plates that Jim throwed out, because they’d fall in the dog-fennel and jimpson weeds under the window-hole--then we could tote them back and he could use them over again.  So Tom was satisfied.  Then he says: 
portrait painted by himself--a likeness of this poor girl--which he did not wish to leave behind, and could not carry forward on his hasty journey.  He was worn by anxiety and remorse almost to a shadow; talked 
on which her gaze was fixed or remembered that she was waiting for At last she heard her mother calling. She started to her feet and ran to “Come down, dear. Mr Doran wants to speak to you.” 
The last of these stalls, established precisely opposite the Thénardiers' door, was a toy-shop all glittering with tinsel, glass, and magnificent objects of tin. In the first row, and far forwards, the 
of pigs’ cheeks, the nasal chanting of street-singers, who sang a come-all-you about O’Donovan Rossa, or a ballad about the troubles in our native land. These noises converged in a single sensation of life 
have sighted it with these instructions. Peter, you see, just said At first his companions trusted him implicitly, and so great were the delights of flying that they wasted time circling round church spires or 
lane. Droit-Mur lane was almost entirely bordered on the right, as far as the Rue Petit-Picpus, by houses of mean aspect; on the left by a solitary building of severe outlines, composed of numerous parts which 
Her fingers stopped for the first time, as she retorted rather angrily, “What have I told you? Do you still think, in spite of it, that I do not She looked towards Miss Havisham, and considered for a moment with her 
that people said he had been seen to turn into the road to Arras; that others asserted that they had met him on the road to Paris. That when he went away he had been very gentle, as usual, and that he had merely told 
baffle recognition. But, at last I began, in a purblind groping way, to read, write, and cipher, on the very smallest scale. One night I was sitting in the chimney corner with my slate, expending 
answered, “The beautiful young lady at Miss Havisham’s, and she’s more beautiful than anybody ever was, and I admire her dreadfully, and I want to be a gentleman on her account.” Having made this lunatic confession, 
folded on the table, shaking his head at me and hugging himself, had a malignity in it that made me tremble. As I watched him in silence, he put his hand into the corner at his side, and took up a gun with a 
Herbert or his father, for both of whom I had a respect; but I had the sharpest sensitiveness as to his being seen by Drummle, whom I held in contempt. So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are 
friend Arthur call, in his phrases of hunt 'stop the earths' and so we "Then let us come at once," I cried, "we are wasting the precious, precious time!" The Professor did not move, but simply said:-- 
humour) by putting the cap on the cow, that it became impatient of any serious reference to the Coroner’s Inquest, and brought the railway off Now, this gentleman had a younger brother of still better appearance than 
while this hurried conversation was proceeding.  The former now held out his hand to Harry Maylie; and hearty salutations were exchanged between them.  The doctor then communicated, in reply to multifarious 
morning." Lord Godalming's brows contracted, and he stood up and walked about the room. By-and-by he stopped and said, turning from one to "Quincey's head is level. This burglary business is getting serious; we 
voice which he recognised as his own, insisting on the soul’s incurable loneliness. We cannot give ourselves, it said: we are our own. The end of these discourses was that one night during which she had 
“O yes I shall!” said he. “One, two, three, and now I am in for it. Handel, my good fellow;”--though he spoke in this light tone, he was very much in earnest,--“I have been thinking since we have been talking 
master, but everybody else's, so far as the porochial workhouse was It was too much.  Mr. Bumble boxed the ears of the boy who opened the gate for him (for he had reached the portal in his reverie); and 
lighted at, and which was placed in solitary confinement at the bottom of a high tin tower, perforated with round holes that made a staringly wide-awake pattern on the walls. When I had got into bed, and lay there 
"Well!" said she. "Nothing in it! And the silver?" "Ah," returned the Bishop, "so it is the silver which troubles you? I "Great, good God! It is stolen! That man who was here last night has 
a bramble-bush; getting considerably worried and scratched by every letter. After that I fell among those thieves, the nine figures, who seemed every evening to do something new to disguise themselves and 
One day he preached the following sermon in the cathedral:-- "My very dear brethren, my good friends, there are thirteen hundred and twenty thousand peasants' dwellings in France which have but three 
said that I owe everything to you. All I possess is freely yours. All that you have given me, is at your command to have again. Beyond that, I have nothing. And if you ask me to give you, what you never gave me, my 
you were treading over empty catacombs, and reeled and rolled in the sea like an air-freighted demijohn. Top-heavy was the ship as a dinnerless student with all Aristotle in his head. Well was it that the Typhoons 
'Vice,' said the surgeon, replacing the curtain, 'takes up her abode in many temples; and who can say that a fair outside shell not enshrine 'My dear young lady,' rejoined the surgeon, mournfully shaking his 
found to be provided with a better light than man. Javert was evidently somewhat disconcerted by the perfect naturalness One day, nevertheless, his strange manner appeared to produce an 
strong desire tugging at his heart to yield his pride and go along too. He hoped the boys would stop, but they still waded slowly on. It suddenly dawned on Tom that it was become very lonely and still. He made 
game, flinging themselves boldly into the adventure. They drank the health of the Queen of Hearts and of the Queen of Diamonds. Jimmy felt obscurely the lack of an audience: the wit was flashing. Play ran very 
the other; and just as our expectations are wrought up to the highest pitch, a whistle is heard, and we are straightway transported to the great hall of the castle; where a grey-headed seneschal sings a funny 
a retiring nature, he eludes both hunters and philosophers. Though no coward, he has never yet shown any part of him but his back, which rises in a long sharp ridge. Let him go. I know little more of him, nor does 
up agin the wall to have another think. Well, just then along comes these two chaps slipping along close by me, with something under their arm, and I reckoned theyd stole it. One was a-smoking, and tother one 
away when I want them to help me tow the raft ashore, and I can’t do it “Well, that’s infernal mean.  Odd, too.  Say, boy, what’s the matter “It’s the--a--the--well, it ain’t anything much.” 
my legs. But presently I looked over my shoulder, and saw him going on again towards the river, still hugging himself in both arms, and picking his way with his sore feet among the great stones dropped into the 
wrists with all day rowing on the Line,—they only step to the deck to carry vast chains, and heave the heavy windlass, and cut and slash, yea, and in their very sweatings to be smoked and burned anew by the combined 
endeavoured to get rid of her:  pointed upward, and took Monks out of 'Not that infernal hole we were in before,' she could hear the man say as they went upstairs.  Fagin laughed; and making some reply which did 
him. That which he had said brought him nearer to him who is in death. The Bishop understood this; time pressed; it was as a priest that he had come: from extreme coldness he had passed by degrees to extreme emotion; 
enter, began to beckon to me again repeatedly with her hand. I went in on tiptoe. The room through the lace end of the blind was suffused with dusky golden light amid which the candles looked like pale 
it in order to illuminate it for Beckys gratification. He found that it curtained a sort of steep natural stairway which was enclosed between narrow walls, and at once the ambition to be a discoverer seized him. 
water, my lips are dry; and I shall try to tell you. I dreamed"--he stopped and seemed fainting, I called quietly to Quincey--"The brandy--it is in my study--quick!" He flew and returned with a glass, 
girl.  'Oh, dear lady, why ar'n't those who claim to be God's own folks as gentle and as kind to us poor wretches as you, who, having youth, and beauty, and all that they have lost, might be a little proud 
among some epicures; and every one knows that some young bucks among the epicures, by continually dining upon calves’ brains, by and by get to have a little brains of their own, so as to be able to tell a 
mistake about this, for in the long hours that followed, she had many spells of sleeping and waking and repeated both actions many times. At six o'clock Van Helsing came to relieve me. Arthur had then fallen 
been ransacked for this murderer (the public are not slow in the matter of sifting evidence and arriving at a verdict), but that he could not be found. Horsemen had departed down all the roads in every 
Toda mi alma,             To my eyes in flame, Es en mi ojos,              All my soul doth come; Porque enseñas,         For instruction meet 
Mademoiselle Baptistine, who was his sister, and ten years his junior. Their only domestic was a female servant of the same age as Mademoiselle Baptistine, and named Madame Magloire, who, after having been _the 
are hedges and scholars. Hence the popularity of spring among thinkers. The patrician and the knife-grinder, the duke and the peer, the limb of the law, the courtiers and townspeople, as they used to say in olden 
stop his babbling and betake himself where he belonged. On the fifth morning three others of the mutineers bolted up into the air from the desperate arms below that sought to restrain them. Only three were left. 
run in the parlor and took a swift look around, and the only place I see to hide the bag was in the coffin.  The lid was shoved along about a foot, showing the dead man’s face down in there, with a wet cloth over 
The story told, the stranger Captain immediately went on to reveal his object in boarding the Pequod. He desired that ship to unite with his own in the search; by sailing over the sea some four or five miles 
Rose was too well acquainted with the excellent gentleman's impetuosity, and foresaw too clearly the wrath with which, in the first explosion of his indignation, he would regard the instrument of 
bankers, Buda-Pesth. The second and fourth were unsealed. I was just about to look at them when I saw the door-handle move. I sank back in my seat, having just had time to replace the letters as they had been and 
securely; next, taking a handful of the flowers, he rubbed them all over the sashes, as though to ensure that every whiff of air that might get in would be laden with the garlic smell. Then with the wisp he rubbed 
and swaggering a young gentleman as ever stood four feet six, or 'Hullo, my covey!  What's the row?' said this strange young gentleman 'I am very hungry and tired,' replied Oliver: the tears standing in his 
'If it be necessary,' replied the old lady, 'certainly not.' 'Then I think it is necessary,' said the doctor; 'at all events, I am quite sure that you would deeply regret not having done so, if you 
“Why, de fog!--de fog dat’s been aroun’ all night.  En didn’t you whoop, en didn’t I whoop, tell we got mix’ up in de islands en one un us got los’ en t’other one was jis’ as good as los’, ‘kase he didn’ know whah 
In this winter salon, as in the dining-room, there was no other furniture than a square table in white wood, and four straw-seated chairs. In addition to this the dining-room was ornamented with an 
girls, I hope it will not be shunned by men and women on that account, for part of my plan has been to try to pleasantly remind adults of what they once were themselves, and of how they felt and thought and talked, 
Riotous and disordered as the universal commotion now was, it soon resolved itself into what seemed a systematic movement; for having clumped together at last in one dense body, they then renewed their 
smiling; 'and, besides, that sort of thing is not in our way; or, one of these days, I might be glad to have it done.  I know what these girls are, Monks, well.  As soon as the boy begins to harden, she'll 
So the king he blattered along, and managed to inquire about pretty much everybody and dog in town, by his name, and mentioned all sorts of little things that happened one time or another in the town, or to 
answered ‘Eigh sure!  Dreadful busy!’  Then he said, she came from the country, he saw?  To which she answered in the affirmative. ‘By Parliamentary, this morning.  I came forty mile by Parliamentary this 
a hair. It’s wonderful.  Why, I wouldn’t take a hundred dollars for that horse now--I wouldn’t, honest; and yet I’d a sold her for fifteen before, That’s all he said.  He was the innocentest, best old soul I ever see. 
accident. Then I tied up the rip in the meal sack with a string, so it wouldn’t leak no more, and took it and my saw to the canoe again. It was about dark now; so I dropped the canoe down the river under some 
Carton’s hand moved back to his breast no more. The prisoner sprang up with a reproachful look, but Carton’s hand was close and firm at his nostrils, and Carton’s left arm caught him round the waist. For a few 
was the Old Green Copper Rope-walk,--whose long and narrow vista I could trace in the moonlight, along a series of wooden frames set in the ground, that looked like superannuated haymaking-rakes which had grown 
being as if lapped in a storm of fury. As my eyes opened involuntarily I saw his strong hand grasp the slender neck of the fair woman and with giant's power draw it back, the blue eyes transformed with fury, the 
him again for a week.  But he said _he_ was satisfied; said he was boss When he got out the new judge said he was a-going to make a man of him. So he took him to his own house, and dressed him up clean and nice, and 
You'd never have me anything else, if you had your will, except 'No!' rejoined the Jew, furiously.  'It does not.' 'Change it, then!' responded the girl, with a laugh. 
Mr. Sikes accompanied this speech with a jerk at his little companion's wrist; Oliver, quickening his pace into a kind of trot between a fast walk and a run, kept up with the rapid strides of the house-breaker as 
moored to one of the Moluccas. Yet Dives himself, he too lives like a Czar in an ice palace made of frozen sighs, and being a president of a temperance society, he only drinks the tepid tears of orphans. 
were getting hot for him; he would struggle, he would cry out--the kettle sings before the fire; he would not be Jean Valjean, _et cetera_. But he has not the appearance of understanding; he says, 'I am 
productions, manners, and customs of all the countries, and all their boundaries and bearings on the two and thirty points of the compass.  Ah, rather overdone, M’Choakumchild.  If he had only learnt a little less, 
opened his mouth, turned towards the President, and said:-- Then he stared at his cap, stared at the ceiling, and held his peace. "Prisoner," said the district-attorney, in a severe voice; "pay 
‘I shall do nothing of the sort,’ said the Mouse, getting up and walking away. ‘You insult me by talking such nonsense!’ ‘I didn’t mean it!’ pleaded poor Alice. ‘But you’re so easily offended, 
They fired a shot apiece as they started, but their bullets whizzed by and didnt do us any harm. As soon as we lost the sound of their feet we quit chasing, and went down and stirred up the constables. They got a 
portmanteau and in the wardrobe where I had placed my clothes. The suit in which I had travelled was gone, and also my overcoat and rug; I could find no trace of them anywhere. This looked like some new 
‘As wet as ever,’ said Alice in a melancholy tone: ‘it doesn’t seem to ‘In that case,’ said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, ‘I move that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic 
thousand things.  Well, I couldn’t stay up there forever; so at last I got down, but I kept in the thick woods and on the lookout all the time. All I could get to eat was berries and what was left over from 
the printing office was going to make in that little town; then we could We laid low and kept still, and never shoved out till nearly ten o’clock; then we slid by, pretty wide away from the town, and didn’t 
was reading and holding his head, as if he thought himself in danger of exploding it with too strong a charge of knowledge. Both Mr. and Mrs. Pocket had such a noticeable air of being in somebody 
What with rum and pepper,--and pepper and rum,--I should think his “How can I take care of the dear child otherwise?--Lay your arm out upon the back of the sofa, my dear boy, and I’ll sit down here, and get the 
of 'em?  Where's the third?  They can't have got into trouble.  Hark!' The footsteps approached nearer; they reached the landing. The door was slowly opened; and the Dodger and Charley Bates entered, closing it 
here are the tumbrils! And Evremonde will be despatched in a wink, and she not here! See her knitting in my hand, and her empty chair ready for As The Vengeance descends from her elevation to do it, the tumbrils 
as if he warn’t ever drunk in his life--and then he begun to pull off his clothes and sling them.  He shed them so thick they kind of clogged up the air, and altogether he shed seventeen suits. And, then, there he 
at the back of Miss Havisham’s chair, and that her eyes laughed mischievously. I took the indentures out of his hand and gave them to “You expected,” said Miss Havisham, as she looked them over, “no premium 
of the tall houses, in the wretched clothing that hung upon poles and lines; Hunger was patched into them with straw and rag and wood and paper; Hunger was repeated in every fragment of the small modicum of 
"May God give him into my hand just for long enough to destroy that earthly life of him which we are aiming at. If beyond it I could send his soul for ever and ever to burning hell I would do it!" 
at that. He did as great leaders do at the decisive moment, which they know that they alone recognize; he abruptly unmasked his batteries. "Sir," said he, "I am in need of fifteen hundred francs." 
they departed to a cottage at some distance in the country, and took Who can describe the pleasure and delight, the peace of mind and soft tranquillity, the sickly boy felt in the balmy air, and among the green 
a righteous judgment descended upon him in a crab which caught the blade of his midship oarsman. While this clumsy lubber was striving to free his white-ash, and while, in consequence, Derick’s boat was nigh to 
crammle aboon the grees, for there be a many of 'em; an', miss, I lack He hobbled away, and I could see him hurrying, as well as he could, down the steps. The steps are a great feature on the place. They lead from 
stranger were introduced into any miscellaneous metropolitan society, it would but slightly advance the general opinion of his merits, were he presented to the company as a harpooneer, say; and if in emulation 
it is to have an entire non-valvular structure of the blood-vessels, so that when pierced even by so small a point as a harpoon, a deadly drain is at once begun upon his whole arterial system; and when this is 
development. So that this whole enormous boneless mass is as one wad. Finally, though, as will soon be revealed, its contents partly comprise the most delicate oil; yet, you are now to be apprised of the nature of 
her revery, and exclaimed, "Hold! My good God Jesus! And I hung his key At that moment the small window in the lodge opened, a hand passed through, seized the key and the candlestick, and lighted the taper at 
into the midst of a group of fifty particular friends, and was smiting himself in the breast with his blue cap. What did all this portend, and what portended the swift hoisting-up of Monsieur Gabelle behind 
‘Bless you for thinking o’ the poor lad wi’ such tenderness.  But ’tis for him to know his heart, and what is right according to it.’ Louisa looked, in part incredulous, in part frightened, in part overcome 
Evremonde is for a moment turned towards him. Evremonde then sees the Spy, and looks attentively at him, and goes his way. The clocks are on the stroke of three, and the furrow ploughed among the 
the Sperm Whale thus booms his entire bulk into the pure element of air, and piling up a mountain of dazzling foam, shows his place to the distance of seven miles and more. In those moments, the torn, enraged 
from the eaves of this good Golden Inn. She was somewhere to the northward of the Line. One morning upon handling the pumps, according to daily usage, it was observed that she made more water in her hold than 
hue-and-cry. The Dodger and Master Bates, unwilling to attract public attention by running down the open street, had merely retired into the very first doorway round the corner. They no sooner heard the cry, and 
Already has it been related how the great leviathan is afar off descried from the mast-head; how he is chased over the watery moors, and slaughtered in the valleys of the deep; how he is then towed alongside 
touch the dog, but looked at it in an agonised sort of way. I greatly fear that she is of too super-sensitive a nature to go through the world without trouble. She will be dreaming of this to-night, I am sure. The 
the moment, in some adjacent room, until, having got past the two tall candles, he saw standing to receive him by the table between them and the fire, a young lady of not more than seventeen, in a riding-cloak, 
preserved all the gestures of health. In his clear glance, in his firm tone, in the robust movement of his shoulders, there was something calculated to disconcert death. Azrael, the Mohammedan angel of the 
The last burst carried the mail to the summit of the hill. The horses stopped to breathe again, and the guard got down to skid the wheel for the descent, and open the coach-door to let the passengers in. 
water, and may be seen by man in the act of feeding, the spermaceti whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones below the surface; and only by inference is it that any one can tell of what, precisely, that 
that, friend John, but you shall know it all later--and in trance could he best come to take more blood. In trance she died, and in trance she is Un-Dead, too. So it is that she differ from all other. Usually when 
more or less spongy soils soak up more or less quickly the water which is poured on them. It becomes necessary to pour out more soldiers than one would like; a series of expenditures which are the unforeseen. The 
No--but Id say come in the night as we used to do--its better. Yes: but look here; it may be a good while before I get the right chance at that job; accidents might happen; taint in such a very good 
lying here, half asleep, and heard you say go on! speak, I command you!' It seemed so funny to hear you order me about, as if I were a bad "Oh, Madam Mina," he said, sadly, "it is proof, if proof be needed, of 
The castle is a veritable prison, and I am a prisoner! When I found that I was a prisoner a sort of wild feeling came over me. I rushed up and down the stairs, trying every door and peering out of 
you to inquire into. The condition is laid down. Your acceptance of it, and your observance of it as binding, is the only remaining condition that I am charged with, by the person from whom I take my instructions, 
begin to discharge their loads. The ministers of Sainte Guillotine are robed and ready. Crash!--A head is held up, and the knitting-women who scarcely lifted their eyes to look at it a moment ago when it could 
Tink, “It’s Wendy’s mother! She is a pretty lady, but not so pretty as my mother. Her mouth is full of thimbles, but not so full as my mother’s Of course he knew nothing whatever about his mother; but he sometimes 
with stolen objects on his back, with his resolute and gloomy visage, with his thoughts filled with abominable projects. Excess of unhappiness had, as we have remarked, made him in some sort 
alluvial mud, under the bright sky of the South and under the clouds of the North, in fell and forest, in the vineyards and the olive-grounds and among the cropped grass and the stubble of the corn, along the 
or if impressed, it was only with a certain magnetism shot into their For a space the old man walked the deck in rolling reveries. But chancing to slip with his ivory heel, he saw the crushed copper 
that his precise expression the devil himself could not catch. But it may be fancied, that from the naked skeleton of the stranded whale, accurate hints may be derived touching his true form. Not at all. 
somehow; but we didn’t know it then; so that when we afterwards pulled on the line, bounce we came plump on to his hump! instead of the other whale’s; that went off to windward, all fluking. Seeing how matters 
they went round Wendy and John and Michael, who had slipped out of bed “George, George!” she cried when she could speak; and Mr. Darling woke to share her bliss, and Nana came rushing in. There could not have been 
cabin considerable, first on one leg and then on the other, holding first one shin and then the other one, and at last he let out with his left foot all of a sudden and fetched the tub a rattling kick.  But it 
“This is him,” said Pumblechook, “as I have rode in my shay-cart. This is him as I have seen brought up by hand. This is him untoe the sister of which I was uncle by marriage, as her name was Georgiana M’ria from 
his not being appreciated: of his being so little wanted in France, as to incur considerable danger of receiving his dismissal from it, and this life together. Like the fabled rustic who raised the Devil with 
‘Thou wilt not, Stephen, I know.  ’Tis better that we make up our minds ‘Thou’rt awlus right.  ’Tis bolder and better.  I ha been thinkin then, Rachael, that as ’tis but a day or two that remains, ’twere better for 
even—then, her mast-heads are kept manned to the last; and not till her skysail-poles sail in among the spires of the port, does she altogether relinquish the hope of capturing one whale more. 
his cup without another word; squeezed Mrs. Corney's little finger as she took it; and inflicting two open-handed slaps upon his laced waistcoat, gave a mighty sigh, and hitched his chair a very little 
sleep two in a bed, more than anybody else; for sailors no more sleep two in a bed at sea, than bachelor Kings do ashore. To be sure they all sleep together in one apartment, but you have your own hammock, and 
along; the parson he had to stand there, over the coffin, and wait--you couldn’t hear yourself think.  It was right down awkward, and nobody didn’t seem to know what to do.  But pretty soon they see that 
the wildest winds of heaven and earth conspire to cast her on the But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless, indefinite as God—so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite, 
head upon the pillow, and kept her secret, as the boy had done. “I had no opportunity of asking her any question, until I had told the brothers she was sinking fast, and could not live another day. Until 
foundation does not penetrate the deck, but the masonry is firmly secured to the surface by ponderous knees of iron bracing it on all sides, and screwing it down to the timbers. On the flanks it is cased 
folded, smiling benignly. At the moment he seemed as sane as any one I ever saw. I sat down and talked with him on a lot of subjects, all of which he treated naturally. He then, of his own 
room. I suppose there is something in woman's nature that makes a man free to break down before her and express his feelings on the tender or emotional side without feeling it derogatory to his manhood; for when 
open space and streets. The Defarges, husband and wife, The Vengeance, and Jacques Three, were in the first press, and at no great distance “See!” cried madame, pointing with her knife. “See the old villain bound 
‘No,’ said Alice. ‘I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.’ ‘It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,’ said the Queen. ‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice. 
of a much smaller size.  How should you like to grow up a clever man, 'I think I would rather read them, sir,' replied Oliver. 'What! wouldn't you like to be a book-writer?' said the old gentleman. 
friend, it is not necessary to pass through the garden. You can always enter and depart through the street door. It is never fastened with Jean Valjean was like a man on the point of fainting. 
had driven the snow clouds from us, for, with only occasional bursts, the snow fell. We could distinguish clearly the individuals of each party, the pursued and the pursuers. Strangely enough those pursued did 
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands, wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again. ‘I should like to have it explained,’ said the Mock Turtle. 
When the father reached home, he sent a message to Mr. Bounderby’s, desiring his son to come to him directly.  The reply was, that Mr. Bounderby having missed him in the crowd, and seeing nothing of him 
I had quite determined that it would be a heartless fraud to take more money from my patron in the existing state of my uncertain thoughts and plans. Therefore, I had sent him the unopened pocket-book by Herbert, to 
do; but, not all the calculators of the National Debt can tell me the capacity for good or evil, for love or hatred, for patriotism or discontent, for the decomposition of virtue into vice, or the reverse, at 
It may not be too late. Let us be armed--the same as we were the other night, but lose no time; there is not an instant to spare." There was no need to put our fear, nay our conviction, into words--we shared them in 
savage had redeemed it. There he sat, his very indifference speaking a nature in which there lurked no civilized hypocrisies and bland deceits. Wild he was; a very sight of sights to see; yet I began to feel myself 
the engulphed, repenting prophet when he cried. Then God spake unto the fish; and from the shuddering cold and blackness of the sea, the whale came breeching up towards the warm and pleasant sun, and all 
something that completely fascinated my attention, and convinced me that he must indeed be a heathen. Going to his heavy grego, or wrapall, or dreadnaught, which he had previously hung on a chair, he fumbled in the 
pretty desire to convey to him that she felt how much older and wiser he “I replied to the Bank, sir, that as it was considered necessary, by those who know, and who are so kind as to advise me, that I should go to 
old lady; so he smiled gently when she looked at him; and Mrs. Bedwin, satisfied that he felt more comfortable, salted and broke bits of toasted bread into the broth, with all the bustle befitting so solemn a 
my pocket-handkerchief with my last night’s slice), some brandy from a stone bottle (which I decanted into a glass bottle I had secretly used for making that intoxicating fluid, Spanish-liquorice-water, up in my 
of the Count's to its place in London. Later, we may be able to deal with it. Billington junior, a nice lad, met me at the station, and brought me to his father's house, where they had decided that I must 
I thought that he too had come through in safety; but as he sprang beside Jonathan, who had by now jumped from the cart, I could see that with his left hand he was clutching at his side, and that the blood was 
she would win. To begin with she had all the weight of social opinion on her side: she was an outraged mother. She had allowed him to live beneath her roof, assuming that he was a man of honour, and he had 
all the fingers convulsively clutching at every weapon or semblance of a weapon that was thrown up from the depths below, no matter how far off. Who gave them out, whence they last came, where they began, through what 
husband’s head next day. Every day, through the stony streets, the tumbrils now jolted heavily, filled with Condemned. Lovely girls; bright women, brown-haired, black-haired, and grey; youths; stalwart men and 
it strangely concreted into lumps, here and there rolling about in the liquid part. It was our business to squeeze these lumps back into fluid. A sweet and unctuous duty! No wonder that in old times this sperm was 
obliged to honor and respect him. His workmen, in particular, adored him, and he endured this adoration with a sort of melancholy gravity. When he was known to be rich, "people in society" bowed to him, and 
Although I saw him every day, it was for only a short time; hence, the regularly recurring spaces of our separation were long enough to record on his face any slight changes that occurred in his physical state. I 
turn when I thought so; and as I saw the cattle lifting their heads to gaze after him, I wondered whether they thought so too. I looked all round for the horrible young man, and could see no signs of him. But now 
it what it is. But alas! as yet I only know your tongue through books. To you, my friend, I look that I know it to speak." "But, Count," I said, "you know and speak English thoroughly!" He bowed 
“Well, if that’s the way I’m agreed, but I don’t take no stock in it. Mighty soon we’ll have the cave so cluttered up with women, and fellows waiting to be ransomed, that there won’t be no place for the robbers. 
beetles.  But she knew from her reading infinitely more of the ways of toiling insects than of these toiling men and women. Something to be worked so much and paid so much, and there ended; 
“It is quite true,” she replied, referring to him with the indifference “That you encourage him, and ride out with him, and that he dines with She seemed a little surprised that I should know it, but again replied, 
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. ‘I must go and get ready to play croquet with the Queen,’ and she hurried out of the room. The cook threw a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her. 
something to add to the sum of our knowledge of that terrible Being, and "Then, Dr. Seward, you had better let me copy it out for you on my typewriter." He grew to a positively deathly pallor as he said:-- 
Nor do heroes, saints, demigods, and prophets alone comprise the whole roll of our order. Our grand master is still to be named; for like royal kings of old times, we find the head waters of our fraternity in nothing 
“Go it!” said Mr. Jaggers, with a short laugh. “I told you you’d get on. “Come!” retorted Mr. Jaggers. “How much? Fifty pounds?” This was such a great fall, that I said in discomfiture, “O, more than 
With this gentle remonstrance, Mr. Sikes plucked the note from between the Jew's finger and thumb; and looking the old man coolly in the face, folded it up small, and tied it in his neckerchief. 
graces; if even the most mournful, perchance the most abased, among them all, shall at times lift himself to the exalted mounts; if I shall touch that workman’s arm with some ethereal light; if I shall spread a 
that looked ill. In the hunted air of the people there was yet some wild-beast thought of the possibility of turning at bay. Depressed and slinking though they were, eyes of fire were not wanting among them; nor 
brick wall, surmounted by an iron railing. In the shadow of bank and wall the three turned out of the road, and up a blind lane, of which the wall--there, risen to some eight or ten feet high--formed one side. 
good end. I write all these things in the diary since my darling must not hear them now; but if it may be that she can see them again, they _11 October, Evening._--Jonathan Harker has asked me to note this, as he 
Tink sat up in bed almost briskly to listen to her fate. She fancied she heard answers in the affirmative, and then again she “If you believe,” he shouted to them, “clap your hands; don’t let Tink 
however----" He stopped suddenly, looking at the poor drooping figure on "Go on, friend Arthur. We want here no more concealments. Our hope now is in knowing all. Tell freely!" So Art went on:-- 
long ere spending it. Humph! in my poor, insignificant opinion, I regard this as queer. I have seen doubloons before now in my voyagings; your doubloons of old Spain, your doubloons of Peru, your doubloons of Chili, 
with all my soul, I assure you—on your not having sustained a greater ‘Thank’ee,’ replied Bounderby, in a short, ungracious manner.  ‘But I tell you what.  It might have been twenty thousand pound.’ 
it, and who earned about eight sous a day in his enterprise of supplying Montfermeil with water; but this good man only worked until seven o'clock in the evening in summer, and five in winter; and night once 
would have been much harder. She did not think he would face publicity. All the lodgers in the house knew something of the affair; details had been invented by some. Besides, he had been employed for thirteen years 
was seen again in Auvergne; then in Paris, where he is said to have been a wheelwright, and to have had a daughter, who was a laundress; but that has not been proved. Now, before going to the galleys for theft, what 
however; you don’t know what it may come to. Good night!” When he was left alone, this strange being took up a candle, went to a glass that hung against the wall, and surveyed himself minutely in it. 
In the room where the dressing-table stood, and where the wax-candles burnt on the wall, I found Miss Havisham and Estella; Miss Havisham seated on a settee near the fire, and Estella on a cushion at her feet. 
a stone-mason, and also a great digger of ditches, canals and wells, wine-vaults, cellars, and cisterns of all sorts. Likewise, by way of preliminary, I desire to remind the reader, that while in the earlier 
Noah Claypole's mind might have been at ease after this assurance, but his body certainly was not; for he shuffled and writhed about, into various uncouth positions:  eyeing his new friend meanwhile with 
“I’ll engage they did,” said Gabriel, “but they forget that my wife here takes three mortal hours to dress herself.” He stood on the mat, scraping the snow from his goloshes, while Lily led 
“That’s a nice lady!” he said. “O, she’s a nice lady!” “You did the proper thing, Holohan,” said Mr O’Madden Burke, Two gentlemen who were in the lavatory at the time tried to lift him up: 
expression became frantic as she spoke; and, he yielding to her, she pulled him down sitting on the bed side, and clung to him fiercely. Van Helsing and I tried to calm them both. The Professor held up his 
doze, in spite of himself; the clock chimed eleven, but he did not hear it. And then there came, mingling with his half-formed dreams, a most melancholy caterwauling. The raising of a neighboring window disturbed 
Arthur." My heart sank within me, for I felt that there was some fearful ordeal before us. I could do nothing, however, so I plucked up what heart I could and said that we had better hasten, as the afternoon was 
South Sea Voyages, those things were but the life-time commonplaces of our heroic Nantucketers. Often, adventures which Vancouver dedicates three chapters to, these men accounted unworthy of being set down in the 
well what the talk was about. Villona and Rivière were the noisiest, but all the men were excited. They got up on a car, squeezing themselves together amid much laughter. They drove by the crowd, blended now into 
into a sort of melancholy, in which state he has remained up to now. The attendant tells me that his screams whilst in the paroxysm were really appalling; I found my hands full when I got in, attending to some of the 
let me go to sleep, but whenever they saw me dropping off, woke me up and told me to enjoy myself. That, rather late in the evening Mr. Wopsle gave us Collins’s ode, and threw his bloodstained sword in thunder 
was a little twenty-foot yard.  Some sung out “Tear down the fence! tear down the fence!”  Then there was a racket of ripping and tearing and smashing, and down she goes, and the front wall of the crowd begins to 
those who read us? Did Jean Valjean distinctly perceive, after their formation, and had he seen distinctly during the process of their formation, all the elements of which his moral misery was composed? Had 
In most cases this lower jaw—being easily unhinged by a practised artist—is disengaged and hoisted on deck for the purpose of extracting the ivory teeth, and furnishing a supply of that hard white whalebone 
given him the two diaries copied out, and of how anxious she has been about me. She showed me in the doctor's letter that all I wrote down was true. It seems to have made a new man of me. It was the doubt as to the 
of resolution, and vigour of action. In his recovered energy he was sometimes a little fitful and sudden, as he had at first been in the exercise of his other recovered faculties; but, this had never been 
right-hand corner of her mouth that wanted her not to call Peter names. They would sit there in the empty nursery, recalling fondly every smallest detail of that dreadful evening. It had begun so uneventfully, 
such a man or woman for whole days; they will do sentry duty for hours at a time on the corners of the streets, under alley-way doors at night, in cold and rain; they will bribe errand-porters, they will make the 
“She needn’t,” I says, “because we was all right.  We followed the men and the dogs, but they outrun us, and we lost them; but we thought we heard them on the water, so we got a canoe and took out after them and 
Arthur. A woman ought to tell her husband everything--don't you think so, dear?--and I must be fair. Men like women, certainly their wives, to be quite as fair as they are; and women, I am afraid, are not always 
The sights he had seen there, with brief snatches of food and sleep by intervals, shall remain untold. The mad joy over the prisoners who were saved, had astounded him scarcely less than the mad ferocity against 
"He was almost recovered, but he has been greatly upset by Mr. Hawkins's "Oh, yes, I know, I know. I have read your last two letters." I went "I suppose this upset him, for when we were in town on Thursday last he 
confidence; that nothing of any sort--no matter how painful--should be kept from her. She herself agreed as to its wisdom, and it was pitiful to see her so brave and yet so sorrowful, and in such a depth of 
Um-m. So he must. I do deem it now a most meaning thing, that that old Greek, Prometheus, who made men, they say, should have been a blacksmith, and animated them with fire; for what’s made in fire must 
sister overheard one evening and preserved: "I did not think that it was so monstrous. It is wrong to become absorbed in the divine law to such a degree as not to perceive human law. Death belongs to God alone. By what 
evening mists were rising now, and in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me, I saw no shadow of another parting from her. ‘NOW, what I want is, Facts.  Teach these boys and girls nothing but 
at eleven o’clock. As I shut it, Saint Paul’s, and all the many church-clocks in the City--some leading, some accompanying, some following--struck that hour. The sound was curiously flawed by the wind; 
as I know you'll do me a good turn another time, and--' 'Stow that gammon,' interposed the robber, impatiently. 'Where is it? 'Yes, yes, Bill; give me time, give me time,' replied the Jew, 
she hastily threw upon the table a small kid bag scarcely large enough for a French watch, which Monks pouncing upon, tore open with trembling hands.  It contained a little gold locket: in which were two locks of 
open an inch wide--just as the Moon herself has often come in through the tiniest crack and has stood before me in all her size and His voice was weaker, so I moistened his lips with the brandy again, and 
‘It _is_ a dreadful thought to think he may be murdered.’ ‘When it makes its way into my mind, dear,’ said Rachael, ‘and it will come sometimes, though I do all I can to keep it out, wi’ counting on to 
you--when he first come arter you, agreeable to my letter.” O that he had never come! That he had left me at the forge,--far from “And then, dear boy, it was a recompense to me, look’ee here, to know in 
as much blood as will cover this barb?” holding it high up. A cluster of dark nods replied, Yes. Three punctures were made in the heathen flesh, and the White Whale’s barbs were then tempered. 
it, in a yellow waistcoat and green breeches, looking on at the struggle for the lost wine. “It’s not my affair,” said he, with a final shrug of the shoulders. “The people from the market did it. Let them bring 
good night of it. The clerk in Terry Kelly’s said A crown! but the consignor held out for six shillings; and in the end the six shillings was allowed him literally. He came out of the pawn-office joyfully, 
pile of fox-fire, and went to work.  We cleared everything out of the way, about four or five foot along the middle of the bottom log.  Tom said he was right behind Jim’s bed now, and we’d dig in under it, and 
'Not for the world!' replied Mrs. Corney.  'I couldn't,--oh!  The top shelf in the right-hand corner--oh!'  Uttering these words, the good lady pointed, distractedly, to the cupboard, and underwent a convulsion 
however, he was not there. An instant later, I saw him below me. Round the rock he had drawn a circle, such as we had found shelter in last night. When he had completed it he stood beside me again, saying:-- 
she had a half-brother. Her father privately married again--his cook, I “My good Handel, so he was. He married his second wife privately, because he was proud, and in course of time she died. When she was dead, 
flights of steps the rain ran wildly, and beat at the great door, like a swift messenger rousing those within; uneasy rushes of wind went through the hall, among the old spears and knives, and passed lamenting up the 
little; but he contented himself with saying, 'We shall see,' and pursued the subject no farther.  The post-chaise drove up to the door shortly afterwards; and Giles coming in for the luggage, the good 
Inn. Of those fine cavaliers, the young Dons, Pedro and Sebastian, were on the closer terms with me; and hence the interluding questions they occasionally put, and which are duly answered at the time. 
"Mr. Mayor, you were severe with me the other day, and unjustly. Be so "Come, now! Why?" exclaimed M. Madeleine. "What nonsense is this? What is the meaning of this? What culpable act have you been guilty of 
Conscious that they were about to die, they shouted, "Vive l'Empereur!" History records nothing more touching than that agony bursting forth in The sky had been overcast all day long. All of a sudden, at that very 
from the back; this it is that often torments the Leviathan into soon rising again to meet the sharp lance of his foes. Yet not to speak of the peril of the thing, it is to be doubted whether this course is 
the two women with the shawls, from whom the three men had meekly “And do you remember,” retorted Mr. Jaggers, “that but for me you “O yes, sir!” exclaimed both women together. “Lord bless you, sir, well 
his head to one side, and chawed his tongue, and scrawled off something; and then they give the pen to the duke--and then for the first time the duke looked sick.  But he took the pen and wrote.  So then the lawyer 
old; gentle born and peasant born; all red wine for La Guillotine, all daily brought into light from the dark cellars of the loathsome prisons, and carried to her through the streets to slake her devouring thirst. 
"Oh, Monsieur! he must rest for two days at least." The hostess conducted him to the office; he showed his passport, and inquired whether there was any way of returning that same night to M. 
reached the shore a little way from Cape Brun. There, as he did not lack money, he procured clothing. A small country-house in the neighborhood of Balaguier was at that time the dressing-room of escaped convicts,--a 
“And haven’t you your own land to visit,” continued Miss Ivors, “that you know nothing of, your own people, and your own country?” “O, to tell you the truth,” retorted Gabriel suddenly, “I’m sick 
of one of the young ladies complaining of a coldness in her inside; and the conversation took a very convivial and improving turn. At length, Charley Bates expressed his opinion that it was time to pad the hoof. 
“Oh! that is the one, sir! Said I not all seams and dents but one?” “Aye, blacksmith, it is the one; aye, man, it is unsmoothable; for though thou only see’st it here in my flesh, it has worked down into 
established in his own house. He confided her to the sisters, who put her to bed. A burning fever had come on. She passed a part of the night in delirium and raving. At length, however, she fell asleep. 
and magnificent history of a man who was delivering himself up so that another man might not be condemned in his stead. The details, the hesitations, little possible oppositions, were swallowed up in that vast 
closed the account most accurately, and to-day begun a new record. How many of us begin a new record with each day of our lives? To me it seems only yesterday that my whole life ended with my new hope, 
awful presence, he turned his face upon the pillow, and fervently Gradually, he fell into that deep tranquil sleep which ease from recent suffering alone imparts; that calm and peaceful rest which it is pain 
“You called over the water to us to let her go,” said Starkey. “Brimstone and gall,” thundered Hook, “what cozening [cheating] is going on here!” His face had gone black with rage, but he saw that they 
impulsive, indifferent sword, sometimes hitting the woof slantingly, or crookedly, or strongly, or weakly, as the case might be; and by this difference in the concluding blow producing a corresponding contrast in 
White Whale might have possibly extended itself in some degree to all sperm whales, and that the more monsters he slew by so much the more he multiplied the chances that each subsequently encountered whale would 
it, s’I, that’s all.  I says to Sister Dunlap, s’I--” “Why, dog my cats, they must a ben a house-full o’ niggers in there every night for four weeks to a done all that work, Sister Phelps.  Look 
walking, and proceeded, at a considerable increase of speed, towards This was far from being a place of doubtful character; for it had long been known as the residence of none but low ruffians, who, under 
disappearing for a few minutes, she presently returned with a pot of porter and a dish of sheep's heads: which gave occasion to several pleasant witticisms on the part of Mr. Sikes, founded upon the singular 
that was making the trouble for me.  Well, I fought along, and directly I hears the whoop _behind_ me.  I was tangled good now.  That was somebody else’s whoop, or else I was turned around. 
"I would not refuse," said the peasant, "to lodge any respectable man who would pay me. But why do you not go to the inn?" "Bah! Impossible. This is neither a fair nor a market day. Have you been 
with my timber toe. Oh! he’s a wonderful old man!” “I don’t think it so strange, after all, on that account,” said Flask. “If his leg were off at the hip, now, it would be a different 
‘To make the people laugh?’ said Louisa, with a nod of intelligence. ‘Yes.  But they wouldn’t laugh sometimes, and then father cried.  Lately, they very often wouldn’t laugh, and he used to come home despairing. 
The bowls never wanted washing.  The boys polished them with their spoons till they shone again; and when they had performed this operation (which never took very long, the spoons being nearly as large 
the building from seeming to be deserted. It was a supernatural chant in While these voices were singing, Jean Valjean thought of nothing. He no longer beheld the night; he beheld a blue sky. It seemed to him that he 
but to fall to [get into combat]. What could the bewildered scouts do, masters as they were of every war-like artifice save this one, but trot helplessly after him, exposing themselves fatally to view, while they 
as had been observed by the poets (in many passages which he well knew the jury would have, word for word, at the tips of their tongues; whereat the jury’s countenances displayed a guilty consciousness that 
“I’ve done wonderfully well. There’s others went out alonger me as has done well too, but no man has done nigh as well as me. I’m famous for Without stopping to try to understand those words or the tone in which 
Oh, how _could_ I sleep! I wish I never, never had waked! No! No, I Im glad youve slept, Becky; youll feel rested, now, and well find We can try, Tom; but Ive seen such a beautiful country in my dream. I 
“--wasted, my child--should not be wasted, struck aside from the natural order of things--for my sake. Your unselfishness cannot entirely comprehend how much my mind has gone on this; but, only ask yourself, 
She looks so sweet as she sleeps; but she is paler than is her wont, and there is a drawn, haggard look under her eyes which I do not like. I fear she is fretting about something. I wish I could find out what it 
“At once,” Wendy replied resolutely, for the horrible thought had come to her: “Perhaps mother is in half mourning by this time.” This dread made her forgetful of what must be Peter’s feelings, and 
many courses do you want, I’d like to know.... Do you mind me, now?” Mr Alleyne bent his head again upon his pile of papers. The man stared fixedly at the polished skull which directed the affairs of Crosbie & 
aspect of a Spanish town. The roads were not much paved; the streets were not much built up. With the exception of the two or three streets, of which we shall presently speak, all was wall and solitude there. Not 
without immediate death. But the truth of the Matter is, that on either side of the Temple, there are Rocks that shoot two Miles into the Sea, and wound the Whales when they light upon ‘em. They keep a Whale’s 
have time to wait--not on my account, but because I know your time must be precious--I have written it out on the typewriter for you." He took it and his eyes glistened. "You are so good," he said. "And may 
then and there. At the door he stopped, and said:-- "Look 'ere, guv'nor, there ain't no sense in me a-keepin' you 'ere. I may find Sam soon, or I mayn't; but anyhow he ain't like to be in a way 
into somebody’s house or store, or was going into the counterfeit-money business, or something. So then we was pretty scared, and made up an agreement that we wouldn’t have nothing in the world to do with such 
south. It must be Quincey and John. Take the glass. Look before the snow blots it all out!" I took it and looked. The two men might be Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris. I knew at all events that neither of them was Jonathan. 
_6 October, morning._--Another surprise. Mina woke me early, about the same time as yesterday, and asked me to bring Dr. Van Helsing. I thought that it was another occasion for hypnotism, and without question went 
wants is that youll be safe; and I bet you shed a said go there if The Widow Douglas splendid hospitality was a tempting bait. It and Toms persuasions presently carried the day. So it was decided to say 
men; the law sells it to them. I do not blame the law, but I bless God. In the department of the Isère, in the Var, in the two departments of the Alpes, the Hautes, and the Basses, the peasants have not even 
ahint ye, as though the Deil himself were blawin' on yer sail for his ain purpose. An' a' the time we could no speer a thing. Gin we were nigh a ship, or a port, or a headland, a fog fell on us and travelled wi' us, 
however, Dr. Van Helsing has been with me, all this bad dreaming seems to have passed away; the noises that used to frighten me out of my wits--the flapping against the windows, the distant voices which seemed 
to bite, Monseigneur began to run away from a phenomenon so low and But, this was not the change on the village, and on many a village like it. For scores of years gone by, Monseigneur had squeezed it and wrung 
Dont say a word about it, madam. Theres another that youre more beholden to than you are to me and my boys, maybe, but he dont allow me to tell his name. We wouldnt have been there but for him. 
'If we was to bind him to any other trade to-morrow, he'd run away 'And this man that's to be his master--you, sir--you'll treat him well, and feed him, and do all that sort of thing, will you?' said the old 
people of the poorest class: as their neglected appearance would have sufficiently denoted, without the concurrent testimony afforded by the squalid looks of the few men and women who, with folded arms and bodies 
in, and was decorated with clean towels expressly for the event. My clothes were rather a disappointment, of course. Probably every new and eagerly expected garment ever put on since clothes came in, fell 
fifteen of them packed together around me, with their necks and noses stretched up towards me, a-barking and howling; and more a-coming; you could see them sailing over fences and around corners from everywheres. 
Chertsey:  from which place, he was to despatch, with all speed, a 'But won't you take one look at him, first, miss?' asked Mr. Giles, with as much pride as if Oliver were some bird of rare plumage, that he 
another counterpane—God pity his poor mother!—it will be the ruin of my house. Has the poor lad a sister? Where’s that girl?—there, Betty, go to Snarles the Painter, and tell him to paint me a 
snow-storm—“landlord, stop whittling. You and I must understand one another, and that too without delay. I come to your house and want a bed; you tell me you can only give me half a one; that the other half 
line of the equator; yea, ye gods! go down to the fiery pit itself, in Now, that Lazarus should lie stranded there on the curbstone before the door of Dives, this is more wonderful than that an iceberg should be 
life, was invariably stunned by some weighty piece of fact tumbling on ‘No!  As wet as a sop.  A foot of water in it,’ said Mr. Bounderby. ‘Enough to give a baby cold,’ Mrs. Gradgrind considered. 
fraternized majestically. One of the most undisputed forms of the health of society in the nineteenth century was established over France, and over the continent. Europe adopted the white cockade. Trestaillon was 
study and think again, I reckoned he was changing his mind.  And so he was. He wouldn’t trust me; he wanted to make sure of having me out of the way the whole three days.  So pretty soon he says: 
feeling.  'Never let me hear the boy's name again.  I rang to tell you that.  Never.  Never, on any pretence, mind!  You may leave the room, There were sad hearts at Mr. Brownlow's that night. 
according to the set of the wind, and was soon at the fountain, squeezing himself in among the lean kine brought there to drink, and appearing even to whisper to them in his whispering to all the village. 
are asleep to rummage in their minds and put things straight for next morning, repacking into their proper places the many articles that have wandered during the day. If you could keep awake (but of course you 
the sake of saving from a punishment, a trifle exaggerated, perhaps, but just at bottom, no one knows whom, a thief, a good-for-nothing, evidently, a whole country-side must perish! a poor woman must die in 
arrived at the excommunicated spot. With a certain beating of the heart, he recognized the fact that he was near the lair. He strode over a ditch, leaped a hedge, made his way through a fence of dead boughs, 
Higgins and Miss Parker: that had been the beginning of it. He might have tried Higgins for the money, but sure Higgins never had anything for himself. A man with two establishments to keep up, of course he 
The night comes on dark. He moves more; he is beginning to revive, and to speak intelligibly; he thinks they are still together; he asks him, by his name, what he has in his hand. O pity us, kind Heaven, and help 
and many whalemen, especially when cruising, wholly neglect to heave the log; though at the same time, and frequently more for form’s sake than anything else, regularly putting down upon the customary slate 
to slacken; and whereas I wondered at this, at first, I soon began to understand that the cause of it was in me, and that the fault of it was Ah! Had I given Joe no reason to doubt my constancy, and to think that 
I, Ishmael, was one of that crew; my shouts had gone up with the rest; my oath had been welded with theirs; and stronger I shouted, and more did I hammer and clinch my oath, because of the dread in my soul. A 
“Well, Captain Bildad,” interrupted Peleg, “what d’ye say, what “Thou knowest best,” was the sepulchral reply, “the seven hundred and seventy-seventh wouldn’t be too much, would it?—‘where moth 
principle of light, for ever remains white or colourless in itself, and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch all objects, even tulips and roses, with its own blank tinge—pondering all this, the 
can fancy what a wonderful power he must have over his patients. He has a curious habit of looking one straight in the face, as if trying to read one's thoughts. He tries this on very much with me, but I flatter 
the first day.  What course of action could she determine upon, which could be adopted in eight-and-forty hours? Or how could she postpone Mr. Losberne was with them, and would be for the next two days; but 
Here comes the change of face in this giant drama. CHAPTER XI--A BAD GUIDE TO NAPOLEON; A GOOD GUIDE TO BULOW The painful surprise of Napoleon is well known. Grouchy hoped for, 
Defarge. As early as six o’clock in the morning, sallow faces peeping through its barred windows had descried other faces within, bending over measures of wine. Monsieur Defarge sold a very thin wine at the best 
“‘Fraid to _live_!--why, I was that scared I dasn’t hardly go to bed, or get up, or lay down, or _set_ down, Sister Ridgeway.  Why, they’d steal the very--why, goodness sakes, you can guess what kind of a fluster I was 
clothes were torn and covered with mud. All wept. The old man kissed his knees and called him the good God. As for him, he bore upon his countenance an indescribable expression of happy and celestial 
these times, had accidentally dropped. It was like holding an enemy’s sharp two-edged sword by the blade, and that enemy all the time striving “Wet the line! wet the line!” cried Stubb to the tub oarsman (him 
so chance-like are such observations of the hills, that your precise, previous stand-point would require a laborious re-discovery; like the Soloma Islands, which still remain incognita, though once high-ruffed 
all sorts of provisions, and confessed that they had had almost as satisfactory a time at the funeral as they could have had at the This funeral stopped the further growth of one thing--the petition to the 
being missed), and the pudding was already on the boil. These extensive arrangements occasioned us to be cut off unceremoniously in respect of breakfast; “for I ain’t,” said Mrs. Joe,--“I ain’t a going to have 
the descending figure, with the aid of her threatening mitten, ‘and all Art or nature though, the original stock of Louisa’s character or the graft of circumstances upon it,—her curious reserve did baffle, while it 
mother. The latter lay farthest in, and she was covered with a white sheet, the edge of which had been blown back by the draught through the broken window, showing the drawn, white face, with a look of terror 
discuss about whether they was made or only just happened.  Jim he allowed they was made, but I allowed they happened; I judged it would have took too long to _make_ so many.  Jim said the moon could a _laid_ 
sharp, canine teeth showed out strangely; he answered:-- "Because your peasant is at heart a coward and a fool! Those flames only appear on one night; and on that night no man of this land will, if he 
the empty schoolhouse and sat down to suffer. Then one more frock passed in at the gate, and Toms heart gave a great bound. The next instant he was out, and going on like an Indian; yelling, laughing, chasing boys, 
He stood still to listen. Why had he withheld life from her? Why had he sentenced her to death? He felt his moral nature falling to pieces. When he gained the crest of the Magazine Hill he halted and looked 
solemnly empty as the pavement of any cathedral at that same hour. Next day I set myself to get the boat. It was soon done, and the boat was brought round to the Temple stairs, and lay where I could reach 
wretches ever seen.  I was so sickly, that I was always moaning and groaning.  I was so ragged and dirty, that you wouldn’t have touched me Mrs. Gradgrind faintly looked at the tongs, as the most appropriate thing 
a crowd of people pressed to the carriage doors; but the porters moved them back, saying that it was a special train for the bazaar. I remained alone in the bare carriage. In a few minutes the train drew up beside an 
pleasantness, “Dinner, Mr. Stubb,” and descends the scuttle. The second Emir lounges about the rigging awhile, and then slightly shaking the main brace, to see whether it will be all right with that important 
lugubrious air of an old woman. Her eye was black in consequence of a blow from Madame Thénardier's fist, which caused the latter to remark from time to time, "How ugly she is with her fist-blow on her eye!" 
general thing, therefore, you must first get fast to a whale, before any Look now at Stubb; a man who from his humorous, deliberate coolness and equanimity in the direst emergencies, was specially qualified to excel 
his sore heart at rest. How she would throw herself upon him, and how her tears would fall like rain, and her lips pray God to give her back her boy and she would never, never abuse him any more! But he would 
this, by what sort of unaccountable tie he soon evinced himself to be linked with Ahab’s peculiar fortunes; nay, so far as to have some sort of a half-hinted influence; Heaven knows, but it might have been even 
had eaten some bread and cheese purchased in isolated taverns, behind hedges; they had changed carriages frequently; they had travelled short distances on foot. She made no complaint, but she was weary, and Jean 
At first I think somewhat strange, but soon I see that there be only one such by-road. It is used but little, and very different from the coach road from the Bukovina to Bistritz, which is more wide and hard, and 
the door of the witnesses' room opened. The usher, accompanied by a gendarme ready to lend him armed assistance, introduced the convict Brevet. The audience was in suspense; and all breasts heaved as though 
'Yes,' said Monks, scowling at the trembling boy:  the beating of whose heart he might have heard.  'That is the bastard child.' 'The term you use,' said Mr. Brownlow, sternly, 'is a reproach to those 
So when he sees me getting the canoe ready, he says: “Well, then, if you’re bound to go, I’ll tell you the way to do when you get to the village.  Shut the door and blindfold the doctor tight and 
sleepy. He was laughing heartily in a high key at a story which he had been telling Gabriel on the stairs and at the same time rubbing the knuckles of his left fist backwards and forwards into his left eye. 
mid-day, Perth was standing between his forge and anvil, the latter placed upon an iron-wood log, with one hand holding a pike-head in the coals, and with the other at his forge’s lungs, when Captain Ahab came 
People are put in the Hulks because they murder, and because they rob, and forge, and do all sorts of bad; and they always begin by asking I was never allowed a candle to light me to bed, and, as I went upstairs 
Stubb, the old second mate, came up from below, with a certain unassured, deprecating humorousness, hinted that if Captain Ahab was pleased to walk the planks, then, no one could say nay; but there might 
dear, my ideas of the trust between husband and wife: there should be no secret, no concealment. I have had a great shock, and when I try to think of what it is I feel my head spin round, and I do not know if it 
in a little time he had the whole, almost as it was delivered.  To be hanged by the neck, till he was dead--that was the end.  To be hanged As it came on very dark, he began to think of all the men he had known 
and ye mates, flank me with your lances; and ye harpooneers, stand there with your irons; and ye, stout mariners, ring me in, that I may in some sort revive a noble custom of my fisherman fathers before me. O men, 
She held him closer round the neck, and rocked him on her breast like a “If, when I tell you, dearest dear, that your agony is over, and that I have come here to take you from it, and that we go to England to be at 
and England. He did it so often that he lost his place. There he was, turned out of the house, with his wife and children, and without bread. The Bishop sent for him, reproved him gently, and appointed him beadle 
is condemned to the pots, and, like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, his spermaceti, oil, and bone pass unscathed through the fire;—but now it remains to conclude the last chapter of this part of the description by 
wrongfully. It belonged to the poor. Who was that man? A poor man, "Alas! Jesus!" returned Madame Magloire. "It is not for my sake, nor for Mademoiselle's. It makes no difference to us. But it is for the sake of 
to the Woolsack, or to roof himself in with a mitre. As his doing the one or the other was a mere question of time, he and Mrs. Pocket had taken Time by the forelock (when, to judge from its length, it would 
“You see, I don’t know any stories. None of the lost boys knows any “Do you know,” Peter asked “why swallows build in the eaves of houses? It is to listen to the stories. O Wendy, your mother was telling you 
‘Now, I tell you what!’ said Mr. Bounderby, putting his hands in his Stephen, subsiding into his quiet manner, and never wandering in his ‘But it’s not for you at all.  It costs money.  It costs a mint of 
flickered in flames of faces at most doors and windows. Yet, no one had followed them, and no man spoke when they entered the wine-shop, though the eyes of every man there were turned upon them. 
of races and of climes. They contain round archipelagoes of romantic isles, even as the Polynesian waters do; in large part, are shored by two great contrasting nations, as the Atlantic is; they furnish long 
‘Have you—you’ll excuse an old woman’s curiosity—have you seen the ‘And how did he look, sir?  Was he portly, bold, outspoken, and hearty?’ As she straightened her own figure, and held up her head in adapting her 
“Where will you put me?” he asked, presently. “I must be put somewheres, “Yes. And to sleep long and sound,” he answered; “for I’ve been “My friend and companion,” said I, rising from the sofa, “is absent; you 
that at the present day not one in two of the many thousand men before the mast employed in the American whale fishery, are Americans born, though pretty nearly all the officers are. Herein it is the same with 
pressing to do than to keep here till dark, that’s what I should advise. You look very much worried, and it would do you good to have a perfectly quiet day with the Aged,--he’ll be up presently,--and a little bit 
towhead, I begun to look sharp for a boat to borrow, and the first time the lightning showed me one that wasn’t chained I snatched it and shoved. It was a canoe, and warn’t fastened with nothing but a rope. 
child, by a bright fire. Mr. Lorry was expected back presently from the Banking House. Miss Pross had lighted the lamp, but had put it aside in a corner, that they might enjoy the fire-light undisturbed. Little Lucie 
'I know they will always keep _one_ till it's found out,' said Monks. 'The loss of their own good name,' replied Monks.  'So, by the same rule, if a woman's a party to a secret that might hang or transport 
unwittingly set those other branches of the Pocket family to the poor arts they practised; because such littlenesses were their natural bent, and would have been evoked by anybody else, if I had left them 
pocket, found his piece of bark safe, and then struck through the woods, following the shore, with streaming garments. Shortly before ten oclock he came out into an open place opposite the village, and saw the 
sickening idea of London; the more so as the Lord Chief Justice’s proprietor wore (from his hat down to his boots and up again to his pocket-handkerchief inclusive) mildewed clothes which had evidently 
I mean, in the scales of the New Testament? Do you think the archangel Gabriel thinks anything the less of me, because I promptly and respectfully obey that old hunks in that particular instance? Who 
ghostly way to the west. Bats usually wheel and flit about, but this one seemed to go straight on, as if it knew where it was bound for or had some intention of its own. The patient grew calmer every instant, and 
the long flat desk. The creature probably glowed with a gratitude that amounted to prayer, too, at this moment, but it was premature: for when he started thankfully to travel off, Tom turned him aside with a pin and 
“He’s cracked, Queequeg,” said I, “come on.” “Holloa!” cried stationary Elijah, hailing us when we had removed a “Never mind him,” said I, “Queequeg, come on.” 
“Yes. I have observed his face. I have observed his face to be not the face of a true friend of the Republic. Let him take care of his face!” “And you have observed, my wife,” said Defarge, in a deprecatory manner, 
and tame in its extreme submission. Monsieur the Marquis ran his eyes over them all, as if they had been mere rats come out of their holes. “It is extraordinary to me,” said he, “that you people cannot take care 
laid it on the mantel-shelf, and never said nothing, and went out.  Tom see him do it, and remembered about the spoon, and says: “Well, it ain’t no use to send things by _him_ no more, he ain’t 
Magyar, the Lombard, the Avar, the Bulgar, or the Turk poured his thousands on our frontiers, we drove them back? Is it strange that when Arpad and his legions swept through the Hungarian fatherland he found us 
“Now, Wemmick,” said the latter then, resuming his usual manner, “what Standing by for a little, while they were at work, I observed that the odd looks they had cast at one another were repeated several times: with 
and would not add to my present trouble. Then he broke off and asked if I could love him in time; and when I shook my head his hands trembled, and then with some hesitation he asked me if I cared already for any one 
unlocked as he spoke, and which led into a stone cell.  Here he was searched; and nothing being found upon him, locked up. This cell was in shape and size something like an area cellar, only not 
what it has arranged? What do I ask now? Why should I meddle? It does not concern me; what! I am not satisfied: but what more do I want? The goal to which I have aspired for so many years, the dream of my nights, 
closed it quickly, too late to catch him, but his shadow had not had time to get out; slam went the window and snapped it off. You may be sure Mrs. Darling examined the shadow carefully, but it was 
in the house; and, when I told him yes, he said he had come to tea.' Mr. Brownlow smiled; and, turning to Oliver, said that Mr. Grimwig was an old friend of his, and he must not mind his being a little rough in 
that breast and cried and agonized; the executioner said to the woman, a mother and a nurse, 'Abjure!' giving her her choice between the death of her infant and the death of her conscience. What say you to that torture 
of Fervacques, deceived by his Picard jargon, and taking him for one of our own men, was traitorously slain and robbed on the battle-field itself, in the course of the night which followed the victory of 
the owl by men-poets. But it is the obstinate custom of such creatures For three heavy hours, the stone faces of the chateau, lion and human, stared blindly at the night. Dead darkness lay on all the landscape, 
success is the only legitimate executioner of the fall. As for us, when Providence intervenes and strikes, we let it work. 1812 commenced to disarm us. In 1813 the cowardly breach of silence of that taciturn 
everybody had got religion, not only the adults, but even the boys and girls. Tom went about, hoping against hope for the sight of one blessed sinful face, but disappointment crossed him everywhere. He found Joe 
“‘At last she is dead?’ said the elder, when I went in. “‘I congratulate you, my brother,’ were his words as he turned round. “He had before offered me money, which I had postponed taking. He now 
pointed to the high gallery where I had seen her going out on that same first day, and told me she remembered to have been up there, and to have seen me standing scared below. As my eyes followed her white hand, again 
it was now broad day, took their way upstairs; with the dogs in front. The two women, who were afraid to stay below, brought up the rear.  By the advice of Mr. Giles, they all talked very loud, to warn any 
parish in which M. Madeleine resided. The curé was, it was said, a worthy, respectable, and sensible man. At the moment when M. Madeleine arrived in front of the parsonage there was but one passer-by in the 
I confess, that since Jonah, few whalemen have penetrated very far beneath the skin of the adult whale; nevertheless, I have been blessed with an opportunity to dissect him in miniature. In a ship I belonged 
added to himself, before he rang his little bell again, and summoned his The valet come and gone, Monsieur the Marquis walked to and fro in his loose chamber-robe, to prepare himself gently for sleep, that hot still 
deserted. It is true that a person can conceal himself behind trees. An observation here becomes necessary, in view of the pages which the reader is about to peruse, and of others which will be met with further 
that is, whales with baleen. Of these so called Whalebone whales, there would seem to be several varieties, most of which, however, are little known. Broad-nosed whales and beaked whales; pike-headed whales; bunched 
present to identify, I have had the happiness to succeed, and to bring that person with me—I need not say most unwillingly on her part.  It has not been, sir, without some trouble that I have effected this; but 
in a deep, tranquil, life-giving, health-giving sleep. Her lips were slightly parted, and her breast rose and fell with the regularity of a pendulum. There was a smile on her face, and it was evident that no bad 
went in and went out in an unaccountable way, like a man without an object.  He rode like a highwayman.  In a word, he was so horribly bored by existing circumstances, that he forgot to go in for boredom in the 
Tom skirted the block, and came round into a muddy alley that led by the back of his aunts cow-stable. He presently got safely beyond the reach of capture and punishment, and hastened toward the public square of the 
silk legs, and presenting on the whole a feminine appearance. My gifted townsman stood gloomily apart, with folded arms, and I could have wished that his curls and forehead had been more probable. 
came only like a tiny red spark through the fog, which had evidently grown thicker and poured into the room. Then it occurred to me that I had shut the window before I had come to bed. I would have got out to 
the individual, a crime which was being committed afresh every day, a He asked himself whether human society could have the right to force its members to suffer equally in one case for its own unreasonable lack 
face, as if with violent exercise. Before I could get up to him the patient rushed at them, and pulling one of them off the cart, began to knock his head against the ground. If I had not seized him just at the 
great minuteness, what these _fruitières_ of Pontarlier were; that they were divided into two classes: the _big barns_ which belong to the rich, and where there are forty or fifty cows which produce from seven to 
They tore him from his hiding-place, and the combatants forced this frightened man to serve them, by administering blows with the flats of their swords. They were thirsty; this Guillaume brought them water. It 
terrific howl, he suddenly altered its destination, and flung it full 'Why, what the blazes is in the wind now!' growled a deep voice. 'Who pitched that 'ere at me?  It's well it's the beer, and not the pot, as 
to the Emperor, in front of the farm of La Belle Alliance. Wellington's situation had grown worse. This strange battle was like a duel between two raging, wounded men, each of whom, still fighting and 
We could hear her pounding along, but we didn’t see her good till she was close.  She aimed right for us.  Often they do that and try to see how close they can come without touching; sometimes the wheel bites off 
so I took his poor old wrinkled hand in mine and asked him to speak "I'm afraid, my deary, that I must have shocked you by all the wicked things I've been sayin' about the dead, and such like, for weeks past; 
chamber. He paid no heed to the portress's words, but went to bed and to sleep. Towards midnight he woke up with a start; in his sleep he had heard a noise above his head. He listened; it was a footstep pacing back 
pride, till the bell rang. She roused up, now, with a vindictive cast in her eye, and gave her plaited tails a shake and said she knew what At recess Tom continued his flirtation with Amy with jubilant 
one jot of Ahab’s broad madness had been left behind; so in that broad madness, not one jot of his great natural intellect had perished. That before living agent, now became the living instrument. If such a furious 
be so.  For instance, it's your object to take care of number 'Certainly,' replied Mr. Bolter.  'Yer about right there.' 'Well!  You can't take care of yourself, number one, without taking 
the necessity of leaving Paris, with them and you, at that hour. Tell her that it was her husband’s last arrangement. Tell her that more depends upon it than she dare believe, or hope. You think that her 
while knowing the madness of my heart to be so very mad and misplaced, that I was quite conscious it would have served my face right, if I had lifted it up by my hair, and knocked it against the pebbles as a 
Susan behind her.  “It ain’t right nor kind for you to talk so to him, and him a stranger and so far from his people.  How would you like to be “That’s always your way, Maim--always sailing in to help somebody before 
They understood, with an admirable delicacy of instinct, that certain cares may be put under constraint. Thus, even when believing him to be in peril, they understood, I will not say his thought, but his nature, 
of, by imagining all the grave-yards, cemeteries, and family vaults of creation yielding up the live bodies of all the men, women, and children who were alive seventy-five years ago; and adding this countless host to 
the engines, sir! Ting-a-ling-ling! SHT! SHT! SHT! (trying the Tom went on whitewashing--paid no attention to the steamboat. Ben stared a moment and then said: _Hi-Yi! Youre_ up a stump, aint you! 
In the dressing-room behind the stage she was introduced to the secretary of the Society, Mr Fitzpatrick. She smiled and shook his hand. He was a little man, with a white vacant face. She noticed that he 
The horse, whose health had been drunk in his absence, was standing outside:  ready harnessed to the cart.  Oliver and Sikes got in without any further ceremony; and the man to whom he belonged, having lingered 
mine.—Stand round me, men. Ye see an old man cut down to the stump; leaning on a shivered lance; propped up on a lonely foot. ‘Tis Ahab—his body’s part; but Ahab’s soul’s a centipede, that moves 
came as near to being happy myself as I suppose I shall ever be. As the evening drew on, and the earth took its shadows from the sun sinking lower, the silence of the room grew more and more solemn to me. All at 
She thought of the wood, and stole towards it, heedless of long grass and briers: of worms, snails, and slugs, and all the creeping things that be. With her dark eyes and her hook nose warily in advance of her, Mrs. 
What was America in 1492 but a Loose-Fish, in which Columbus struck the Spanish standard by way of waifing it for his royal master and mistress? What was Poland to the Czar? What Greece to the Turk? What India 
hand he had the iron hook with which ever and anon he encouraged them to increase their pace. As dogs this terrible man treated and addressed them, and as dogs they obeyed him. In person he was cadaverous [dead 
'Hem!  That is the woman,' replied Mr. Bumble, mindful of his wife's 'You think women never can keep secrets, I suppose?' said the matron, interposing, and returning, as she spoke, the searching look of Monks. 
'Then you won't have it,' replied Sikes.  With which assurance he rose, locked the door, took the key out, and pulling her bonnet from her head, flung it up to the top of an old press.  'There,' said the 
down to Mr. Pocket’s and back, I was not by any means convinced on the last point, and began to invent reasons and make excuses for putting up at the Blue Boar. I should be an inconvenience at Joe’s; I was not 
It was useless. He couldn’t read. He couldn’t do anything. The wailing of the child pierced the drum of his ear. It was useless, useless! He was a prisoner for life. His arms trembled with anger and 
such times as she was willing and ready to come to the forge, I said to her, ‘And bring the poor little child. God bless the poor little child,’ I said to your sister, ‘there’s room for him at the forge!’” 
I was there. She got mad then, but I didn’t mean no harm.  All I wanted was to go somewheres; all I wanted was a change, I warn’t particular. She said it was wicked to say what I said; said she wouldn’t say it for 
little plot that kept him away; and drank to him affectionately. So, the time came for him to bid Lucie good night, and they separated. But, in the stillness of the third hour of the morning, Lucie came 
“Don’t do it!” said Mr. Crunches looking about, as if he rather expected to see the loaf disappear under the efficacy of his wife’s petitions. “I ain’t a going to be blest out of house and home. I won’t have my wittles 
table was cleared and the two men rested their elbows on it, clasping hands. When Paddy Leonard said “Go!” each was to try to bring down the other’s hand on to the table. Farrington looked very serious and 
SOME change in my size; and as it can’t possibly make me larger, it must So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get through 
disappearing in the darkness between two walls. The top of the shapeless bay into which this door shut was masked by a narrow scantling in the centre of which a triangular hole had been sawed, which served both as 
staring. They seemed almost extinguished at intervals, then lighted up again and shone like stars. It seems as though, at the approach of a certain dark hour, the light of heaven fills those who are quitting the 
in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only. 
nostrils. Others having broken the stems of their pipes almost short off at the bowl, were vigorously puffing tobacco-smoke, so that it Stubb was struck by a shower of outcries and anathemas proceeding from 
“No, it wouldn’t do--there ain’t necessity enough for it.” “Good land!”  I says; “why, there ain’t _no_ necessity for it.  And what “Well, some of the best authorities has done it.  They couldn’t get the 
_She_! She never licks anybody--whacks em over the head with her thimble--and who cares for that, Id like to know. She talks awful, but talk dont hurt--anyways it dont if she dont cry. Jim, Ill give you a 
except one small trap in the room where the boy was locked, and that was too small even for the passage of his body.  But, from this aperture, he had never ceased to call on those without, to guard the 
surveyed me at his leisure. “It will take a little time. Perhaps we had better go to your place of residence. I prefer not to anticipate my communication here; you will impart as much or as little of it as you 
broken-hearted creatures, their pads of lard diminished and all their bones heavy and rheumatic; then you might with some reason assert that this sinking is caused by an uncommon specific gravity in the fish so 
towards me? What have you done to me? What are your wrongs with regard to me? You accuse yourself; you wish to be superseded--" "Turned out; so it be, then. That is well. I do not understand." 
line, though the position was a little ticklish. But though boats have been taken down and lost in this way, yet it is this “holding on,” as it is called; this hooking up by the sharp barbs of his live flesh 
be wretched as the cause, however innocently. Yes; even though I was so wretched in having him at large and near me, and even though I would far rather have worked at the forge all the days of my life than I would 
I, looking dubiously at the sleeper. But it seemed that, when on the wharf, Queequeg had not at all noticed what I now alluded to; hence I would have thought myself to have been optically deceived in that 
evening to help. But Monica had gone home long ago. It was a quarter to nine. Little Chandler had come home late for tea and, moreover, he had forgotten to bring Annie home the parcel of coffee from Bewley’s. Of 
had made three or four of these attempts at embellishment over his nose, but had given them up without an effort to smooth them off. I judged him to be a bachelor from the frayed condition of his linen, and he appeared 
“_Here’s_ your opposition line! here’s your two sets o’ heirs to old Peter Wilks--and you pays your money and you takes your choice!” THEY was fetching a very nice-looking old gentleman along, and a 
'The things is well enough in their way,' observed Mr. Sikes:  a little soothed as he glanced over the table; 'but what have you got to say for yourself, why you should leave me here, down in the mouth, health, 
Carton, pressing forward, had already, with the speed of lightning, got “Draw on these boots of mine. Put your hands to them; put your will to “Carton, there is no escaping from this place; it never can be done. You 
brand which streaked it, that for the first few moments I hardly noted that not a little of this overbearing grimness was owing to the barbaric white leg upon which he partly stood. It had previously come to me that 
from her?’ ‘Yes, yes, all right.’ ‘You’re a good creetur,’ he says, ‘don’t leave me, whatever you do, and thank you!’ “He rested pretty quiet till it might want a few minutes of five, and 
standing; some seated. Some were lamenting, and in restless motion; but, these were few. The great majority were silent and still, looking As he stood by the wall in a dim corner, while some of the fifty-two 
avoiding which resembles seeking. In short, the eclogue took place. Blachevelle, Listolier, and Fameuil formed a sort of group of which Tholomyès was the head. It was he who possessed the wit. 
slept like a graven image. He untied the skiff at the stern, slipped into it, and was soon rowing cautiously upstream. When he had pulled a mile above the village, he started quartering across and bent himself 
Oh, Tom, I reckon were goners. I reckon there aint no mistake bout Dad fetch it! This comes of playing hookey and doing everything a fellers told _not_ to do. I might a been good, like Sid, if Id a 
"Then," resumed Javert, "you will excuse me if I persist; it is my duty; you have not seen a certain person--a man--this evening? He has escaped; we are in search of him--that Jean Valjean; you have not seen him?" 
“Dear Joe, have you heard what becomes of her property?” “Well, old chap,” said Joe, “it do appear that she had settled the most of it, which I meantersay tied it up, on Miss Estella. But she had 
Tom, it might be dark then--would they notice we hadnt come? I dont know. But anyway, your mother would miss you as soon as they A frightened look in Beckys face brought Tom to his senses and he saw 
guided the way of this fire-ship on the sea. Wrapped, for that interval, in darkness myself, I but the better saw the redness, the madness, the ghastliness of others. The continual sight of the fiend shapes before 
‘If I flee from her, there’s a law to punish me?’ ‘If I marry t’oother dear lass, there’s a law to punish me?’ ‘If I was to live wi’ her an’ not marry her—saying such a thing could be, 
“What dat do wid de ‘teak,” said the old black, testily. “‘Bout ninety, dey say,” he gloomily muttered. “And you have lived in this world hard upon one hundred years, cook, 
banker, no old business, no old servant, no old time, rising in your As the captive of many years sat looking fixedly, by turns, at Mr. Lorry and at Defarge, some long obliterated marks of an actively intent 
Madame Defarge’s counter. A third man got up and went out. Defarge refreshed himself with a draught of wine--but, he took less than was given to the stranger, as being himself a man to whom it was no 
were dispersed about the room!  The very feet of the dog were bloody. All this time he had, never once, turned his back upon the corpse; no, not for a moment.  Such preparations completed, he moved, backward, 
find him out, that's all.  I shall know what to do next; never fear.' The boy murmured a reply of intelligence:  and hurried downstairs after 'He has not peached so far,' said the Jew as he pursued his occupation. 
popes—not exactly ... you know ... up to the knocker?” “O, of course, there were some bad lots.... But the astonishing thing is this. Not one of them, not the biggest drunkard, not the most ... 
the business, their piracies should not again be sullied with the crime of stealing. Then conscience granted a truce, and these curiously WHEN Tom awoke in the morning, he wondered where he was. He sat up and 
'You should get better coals out of your contractors,' said the apothecary's deputy, breaking a lump on the top of the fire with the rusty poker; 'these are not at all the sort of thing for a cold night.' 
best friends say, Louisa?  Do you attach no value to their good opinion? What would Mr. Bounderby say?’  At the mention of this name, his daughter stole a look at him, remarkable for its intense and searching character. 
by a belt of black leather. The great silver buckle of her belt seemed to depress the centre of her body, catching the light stuff of her white blouse like a clip. She wore a short black jacket with mother-of-pearl 
kinder felt like he was watching me.  But I knowed I could tire him out at that.  I went straight out in the country as much as a mile before I stopped; then I doubled back through the woods towards Phelps’.  I 
kings (which will not wholly account for it) that makes the White Tower of London tell so much more strongly on the imagination of an untravelled American, than those other storied structures, its 
was impossible to carry her. A man's whole strength is required to successfully carry out these singular ascents. The least burden would disturb his centre of gravity and pull him downwards. 
to him, in an accidental touch of his wife’s elbow as she knitted and warbled, that he would do best to answer, but always with brevity. “It was to you,” said the spy, “that his daughter came; and it was 
good, and she was in so much trouble.  And when she was going away she looked down in my eyes so steady and gentle, and says: “The door ain’t going to be locked, Tom, and there’s the window and 
and Charley Coffin, of Nantucket, both messmates of mine in a certain voyage, and they united in the opinion that the reasons set forth were altogether insufficient. Charley profanely hinted they were humbug. 
my way. They awakened a tender emotion in me; for my heart was softened by my return, and such a change had come to pass, that I felt like one who was toiling home barefoot from distant travel, and whose wanderings 
harpoon-line round his tail, the cutting-spade itself had worked loose from his flesh. So that tormented to madness, he was now churning through the water, violently flailing with his flexible tail, and 
serge clothes seemed to be in danger of falling from his sloping figure. He had a big face which resembled a young ox’s face in expression, staring blue eyes and a grizzled moustache. The other man, who was much 
the house; the wagon was spinning up the road for the village, and we was all bunched in the front door.  Tom had his store clothes on, and an audience--and that was always nuts for Tom Sawyer.  In them circumstances 
there was so many of them and they done it in such a rousing way; then he lined out two more for them to sing--and so on.  The people woke up more and more, and sung louder and louder; and towards the end some 
This formidable gesture restored to Cosette sufficient strength to "Mercy, Madame, Madame! I will not do so any more!" In the meantime, the man in the yellow coat had been fumbling in the fob 
startling thing to have the honour of a wisit from a young gentleman (however respectable and pleasant a person he may be to play cards with 'Especially, when the exclusive young man has got a friend stopping 
when you were quite a child, and I dined at Gargery’s, and some soldiers came to the door to get a pair of handcuffs mended?” “And you remember that there was a chase after two convicts, and that we 
of a minute the little Thénardiers were playing with the new-comer at making holes in the ground, which was an immense pleasure. The new-comer was very gay; the goodness of the mother is written in the 
swinging ones, were of cloth-covered rope, only the rounds were of wood, so that at every step there was a joint. At my first glimpse of the pulpit, it had not escaped me that however convenient for a ship, 
“O no, no, no,” I returned, “Never, never!” “Well, you see it wos me, and single-handed. Never a soul in it but my “No,” said he, with a glance of surprise: “who else should there be? 
As they passed the different mile-stones, Oliver wondered, more and more, where his companion meant to take him.  Kensington, Hammersmith, Chiswick, Kew Bridge, Brentford, were all passed; and yet they went on 
The cuirassiers, relatively few in number, and still further diminished by the catastrophe of the ravine, had almost the whole English army against them, but they multiplied themselves so that each man of them 
in their places; the cranes were thrust out; the mainyard was backed, and the three boats swung over the sea like three samphire baskets over high cliffs. Outside of the bulwarks their eager crews with one hand 
to work. He was intelligent, robust, adroit; he did his best; the master seemed pleased. While he was at work, a gendarme passed, observed him, and demanded his papers. It was necessary to show him the yellow 
there and looked at me; never said nothing.  Then I says: “It’s good daylight.  Le’s get breakfast.  Make up your camp fire good.” “What’s de use er makin’ up de camp fire to cook strawbries en sich 
she is with that Vampire baptism. "Well," said I to myself, "if it be that she sleep all the day, it shall also be that I do not sleep at night." As we travel on the rough road, for a road of an ancient and 
such and would be of opinions as it were wanting in respect.” “Pocket-handkerchiefs out, all!” cried Mr. Trabb at this point, in a depressed business-like voice. “Pocket-handkerchiefs out! We are ready!” 
'To think that my dear good aunt should have been the means of rescuing any one from such sad misery as you have described to us, would be an unspeakable pleasure to me; but to know that the object of her goodness 
remained still as before. I began to grow alarmed. I had allowed him such abundant time; I thought he might have had an apoplectic fit. I looked through the key-hole; but the door opening into an odd corner of 
in France long time ago; and about his little boy the dolphin, that would a been a king, but they took and shut him up in jail, and some say “But some says he got out and got away, and come to America.” 
enough. If thered been three, hed be drunk enough and Id do it. There was a long pause for reflection, and then Tom said: Lookyhere, Huck, less not try that thing any more till we know Injun 
In short, after some more examination, and a great deal more conversation, a neighbouring magistrate was readily induced to take the joint bail of Mrs. Maylie and Mr. Losberne for Oliver's appearance if 
“In a way,” said Smee, “it’s sort of a compliment.” “I want no such compliments,” Hook barked petulantly. “I want Peter Pan, He sat down on a large mushroom, and now there was a quiver in his 
in a romantically drooping fashion, began to grow gray, when the Magæra began to be developed from the Pamela, the female Thénardier was nothing but a coarse, vicious woman, who had dabbled in stupid romances. Now, 
“The captain!” said the pirates, staring at each other in surprise. “He must be swimming out to us,” Starkey said, when they had looked for “We are putting the redskin on the rock,” Smee called out. 
‘Then you keep moving round, I suppose?’ said Alice. ‘Exactly so,’ said the Hatter: ‘as the things get used up.’ ‘But what happens when you come to the beginning again?’ Alice ventured 
“Three hundred dollars is a power of money.  I wish my mother could get “Oh, yes.  He went up-town with the man I was telling you of, to get a boat and see if they could borrow another gun.  They’ll go over after 
ask me, where you air a going? I say to you, Sir, you air a going to The waiter coughed, as if he modestly invited me to get over that. “Now,” said Pumblechook, and all this with a most exasperating air 
who loved her, and whom she loved; and that sacred bell going 'Toll! toll! toll!' so sad and slow; and those holy men, with the white garments of the angel, pretending to read books, and yet all the time 
“What do you think of my meaning to take a holiday on Monday, Mr. Pip?” “Why, I suppose you have not done such a thing these twelve months.” “These twelve years, more likely,” said Wemmick. “Yes. I’m going to take 
He was very pale, and his eyes seemed bulging out as, half in terror and half in amazement, he gazed at a tall, thin man, with a beaky nose and black moustache and pointed beard, who was also observing the pretty 
independence. Within a single year all this was changed. Now it was all coarse and common, and I would not have had Miss Havisham and Estella How much of my ungracious condition of mind may have been my own fault, 
manner overhead, as if they were at sea. Indeed they were at sea, and For, the time was to come, when the gaunt scarecrows of that region should have watched the lamplighter, in their idleness and hunger, so 
alone in a strange place; and we all know how chilled and desolate the best of us will sometimes feel in such a situation. The boy had no friends to care for, or to care for him.  The regret of no recent 
it. With too much haste perhaps. Were they all dead? Legend says they were not. It seems that on the night succeeding the interment, feeble This well is isolated in the middle of the courtyard. Three walls, part 
I was speaking to you about....’ ‘That’ll be all right, Mr H.,’ he said. Yerra, sure the little hop-o’-my-thumb has forgotten all “There’s some deal on in that quarter,” said Mr O’Connor 
'Then you're a cruel man,' said the matron vivaciously, as she held out her hand for the beadle's cup; 'and a very hard-hearted man besides.' 'Hard-hearted, ma'am?' said Mr. Bumble.  'Hard?'  Mr. Bumble resigned 
each other’s rig. As for Men-of-War, when they chance to meet at sea, they first go through such a string of silly bowings and scrapings, such a ducking of ensigns, that there does not seem to be much right-down 
time; he can flourish when that he can fatten on the blood of the living. Even more, we have seen amongst us that he can even grow younger; that his vital faculties grow strenuous, and seem as though 
moon before it could speak distinctly.  No little Gradgrind had ever learnt the silly jingle, Twinkle, twinkle, little star; how I wonder what you are!  No little Gradgrind had ever known wonder on the subject, each 
about him, which was new to the observation of Charles Darnay. He watched his opportunity of taking Darnay aside into a window, and of “Mr. Darnay,” said Carton, “I wish we might be friends.” 
they straggled in at last and took shelter under the tent, cold, scared, and streaming with water; but to have company in misery seemed something to be grateful for. They could not talk, the old sail flapped so 
Checking his steps which had begun to tend towards an object, he took a turn or two in the already darkening street, and traced the thought in his mind to its possible consequences. His first impression was 
it would have washed some of that devil’s blue off his face.” “Do tell, now,” cried Bildad, “is this Philistine a regular member of Deacon Deuteronomy’s meeting? I never saw him going there, and I 
mighty fidgety business to have to hold your hands still at such a time. I whooped and listened.  Away down there somewheres I hears a small whoop, and up comes my spirits.  I went tearing after it, listening 
his throat in the night air. Gabriel watched his wife, who did not join in the conversation. She was standing right under the dusty fanlight and the flame of the gas lit up the rich bronze of her hair, which he had 
advisable to change the subject.  Oliver Twist being uppermost in his 'By the bye,' said Mr. Bumble, 'you don't know anybody who wants a boy, do you?  A porochial 'prentis, who is at present a dead-weight; a 
time he controlled himself, and, resting with an elbow on one knee, and his head upon that hand, could look towards Rachael.  Seen across the dim candle with his moistened eyes, she looked as if she had a glory shining 
Giles, that on the day before that on which I was called away so hurriedly, I executed, at the request of your good mistress, a small commission in your favour.  Just step into this corner a moment, will 
the coffee, and some hot rolls and ham which the Dodger had brought 'Well,' said the Jew, glancing slyly at Oliver, and addressing himself to the Dodger, 'I hope you've been at work this morning, my dears?' 
The sergeant took a polite leave of the ladies, and parted from Mr. Pumblechook as from a comrade; though I doubt if he were quite as fully sensible of that gentleman’s merits under arid conditions, as when 
avail us anything. Harker evidently meant to try the matter, for he had ready his great Kukri knife and made a fierce and sudden cut at him. The blow was a powerful one; only the diabolical quickness of the Count's 
time--so still as one dead; and she grew whiter and ever whiter till the snow was not more pale; and no word she said. But when I drew near, she clung to me, and I could know that the poor soul shook her from head to 
religion is one thing, and this practical world quite another. This world pays dividends. Rising from a little cabin-boy in short clothes of the drabbest drab, to a harpooneer in a broad shad-bellied waistcoat; 
windlass was reversed and worked again.  Practised eyes knew that it did not go as heavily as it would if both workmen had been coming up, and The rope came in tight and strained; and ring after ring was coiled upon 
“Very little to-night, but all he knows. There is another spy commissioned for our quarter. There may be many more, for all that he “Eh well!” said Madame Defarge, raising her eyebrows with a cool 
Gradgrind, wondering more and more, ‘have you come here exposed to this She put her hands to her dress, as if she hardly knew.  ‘Yes.’  Then she uncovered her head, and letting her cloak and hood fall where they might, 
to find her way out. ‘I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure! Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way 
'There, that'll do:  don't yer be too affectionate, in case I'm cross with yer,' said Noah, disengaging himself with great gravity.  'I should like to be the captain of some band, and have the whopping of 
could find Tom Sawyer! Ah, there aint many left, now, thats got hope enough, or strength enough, either, to go on searching. NOW to return to Tom and Beckys share in the picnic. They tripped along 
glass, he went on: "And this is the wretched thing that has done the mischief. It is a foul bauble of man's vanity. Away with it!" and opening the heavy window with one wrench of his terrible hand, he flung 
“Something like that. I’m trying to get that Mr D’Arcy to sing. “There was no row,” said Gabriel moodily, “only she wanted me to go for a trip to the west of Ireland and I said I wouldn’t.” 
old doorway. The horns of the cross-trees were sawed off on the other side, so that this old top-mast looked not a little like a gallows. Perhaps I was over sensitive to such impressions at the time, but I 
Madame Thénardier was vicious with Cosette. Éponine and Azelma were vicious. Children at that age are only copies of their mother. The size "Those Thénardiers are good people. They are not rich, and yet they are 
you, Fagin; and, d--me, I'll keep it.  There!  If I go, you go; so take 'Well, well, my dear,' said the Jew, 'I know all that; we--we--have a 'Humph,' said Sikes, as if he thought the interest lay rather more on 
steps a very learned and most Christian and charitable gentleman, with a copy of Blackstone under his arm; and laying it upon the whale’s head, he says—“Hands off! this fish, my masters, is a Fast-Fish. I seize 
observes. The room was, therefore, dimly dark. It was, however, light enough for our purposes. Van Helsing's sternness was somewhat relieved by a look of perplexity. He was evidently torturing his mind about 
pity for him that may have remained in the pirate’s infuriated breast. The first thing he did on finding himself alone in the fast falling night was to tiptoe to Slightly’s tree, and make sure that it provided 
trouble in yo’ life, en considable joy.  Sometimes you gwyne to git hurt, en sometimes you gwyne to git sick; but every time you’s gwyne to git well agin.  Dey’s two gals flyin’ ‘bout you in yo’ life.  One 
charge a look of intense malignity.  'Well!  Of _all_ the ungratefullest, and worst-disposed boys as ever I see, Oliver, you are 'No, no, sir,' sobbed Oliver, clinging to the hand which held the 
and laid stress on my being forbidden to inquire who my benefactor was. I further mentioned that as I had been brought up a blacksmith in a country place, and knew very little of the ways of politeness, I would 
nodded condescendingly to Charlotte, and took a draught, wherewith he appeared greatly refreshed.  He was meditating another, when the sudden opening of the door, and the appearance of a stranger, interrupted him. 
periods back, I should say, to mediæval times, for one part is of stone immensely thick, with only a few windows high up and heavily barred with iron. It looks like part of a keep, and is close to an old chapel or 
had closed behind him, I leaned over and looked at the letters, which were face down on the table. I felt no compunction in doing so, for under the circumstances I felt that I should protect myself in every way 
any more that a nigger ain’t got any histrionic talent.  Why, the way they played that thing it would fool _anybody_.  In my opinion, there’s a fortune in ‘em.  If I had capital and a theater, I wouldn’t want a 
and has gone away; then to run with great speed to the trench, to open it once more and to seize the "treasure" which the black man has necessarily placed there. In this case one dies within the month. 
same. It is possible that the vessel may be lying by, at times, for fog; some of the steamers which came in last evening reported patches of fog both to north and south of the port. We must continue our watching, as 
gamesome wights will tell you that they have to plant weeds there, they don’t grow naturally; that they import Canada thistles; that they have to send beyond seas for a spile to stop a leak in an oil cask; 
any of the following whales, shall hereafter be caught and marked, then he can readily be incorporated into this System, according to his Folio, Octavo, or Duodecimo magnitude:—The Bottle-Nose Whale; the Junk Whale; 
admiration and affection, instead of shrinking from him with the strongest repugnance; it could have been no worse. On the contrary, it would have been better, for his preservation would then have naturally 
periodically started the boat along the water like a horizontal burst boiler out of a Mississippi steamer. As for Fedallah, who was seen pulling the harpooneer oar, he had thrown aside his black jacket, and 
For instance, they may remember to mention, a week after the event happened, that when they were in the wood they had met their dead father and had a game with him. It was in this casual way that Wendy one 
come at night and open the veins of cattle and horses and suck dry their veins; how in some islands of the Western seas there are bats which hang on the trees all day, and those who have seen describe as like giant 
country. Whilst the old fox is tied in his box, floating on the running stream whence he cannot escape to land--where he dares not raise the lid of his coffin-box lest his Slovak carriers should in fear leave him to 
“Why, they rub an old tin lamp or an iron ring, and then the genies come tearing in, with the thunder and lightning a-ripping around and the smoke a-rolling, and everything they’re told to do they up and do it. 
preparations having been very simple and few, the Doctor, Mr. Lorry, and Miss Pross, were left quite alone. It was when they turned into the welcome shade of the cool old hall, that Mr. Lorry observed a great 
of clothes ready), and so he emerged into the heavy mist of the heavy The unseen force was drawing him fast to itself, now, and all the tides and winds were setting straight and strong towards it. He left his 
upper part of the front of his head, and such the tapering cut-water formation of the lower part, that by obliquely elevating his head, he thereby may be said to transform himself from a bluff-bowed sluggish 
and compared them with Collins and Wopsle, rather to the disadvantage of Mr. Wopsle’s great-aunt, besides keeping this Educational Institution, kept in the same room--a little general shop. She had no idea what stock 
‘Did you tell him in your letter,’ inquired Sissy, ‘that suspicion seemed to have fallen upon him, because he had been seen about the Bank at night?  He would then know what he would have to explain on coming back, 
His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, too, and his brown arms were bare to the elbows. Neither did he wear anything more on his head than his own crisply-curling short dark hair. He was a dark man altogether, with good 
to yourself'; he addressed himself to Mr. Brownlow; 'and enclosed in a few short lines to you, with an intimation on the cover of the package that it was not to be forwarded till after he was dead.  One of these 
and abrupt movement, he took the whole in his arms at once, without bestowing so much as a glance on the things which he had so religiously and so perilously preserved for so many years, and flung them all, rags, 
Last night I went to bed when the men had gone, simply because they told me to. I didn't feel sleepy, and I did feel full of devouring anxiety. I kept thinking over everything that has been ever since Jonathan came to 
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face 
“Well,” said Joe, with the same appearance of profound cogitation, “he is not--no, not to deceive you, he is not--my nevvy.” “What the Blue Blazes is he?” asked the stranger. Which appeared to me 
heavy chest to his boarding house. Not to seem ignorant about the thing—though in truth he was entirely so, concerning the precise way in which to manage the barrow—Queequeg puts his chest upon it; 
expressed the most gratefulness to God and affection for himself. THAT was Toms great secret--the scheme to return home with his brother pirates and attend their own funerals. They had paddled over to the 
be a saddle-horse. Every one has his ambition. 'Draw? Yes. Carry? No.' "Your twenty leagues all at a full trot, and in less than eight hours. "In the first place, you will give him half an hour's breathing spell 
in the swells like a skiff caught nigh the paddle-wheels of an ocean steamer. Thus, the foreground is all raging commotion; but behind, in admirable artistic contrast, is the glassy level of a sea becalmed, the 
against evil things, spiritual as well as physical." Here Quincey Morris "I understand that the Count comes from a wolf country, and it may be that he shall get there before us. I propose that we add Winchesters to 
a whole world of dark and dreadful things. Godalming is shutting the _31 October._--Still hurrying along. The day has come, and Godalming is sleeping. I am on watch. The morning is bitterly cold; the furnace heat 
details of the derelict ship which found her way so miraculously into _9 August._--The sequel to the strange arrival of the derelict in the storm last night is almost more startling than the thing itself. It 
forty-one per cent; one hundred and forty-four thousand combatants; To-day the field of Waterloo has the calm which belongs to the earth, the impassive support of man, and it resembles all plains. 
the subject.  I am interested in him for his own sake.’ She had made the slightest action possible, as if she would have risen in a hurry and gone away.  He had turned the course of what he said at that 
makes you take so much pains about one chalk-faced kid, when you know there are fifty boys snoozing about Common Garden every night, as you 'Because they're of no use to me, my dear,' replied the Jew, with some 
“He don’t mean nothing; he’s always a-carryin’ on like that when he’s drunk.  He’s the best naturedest old fool in Arkansaw--never hurt nobody, Boggs rode up before the biggest store in town, and bent his head down 
surmises to be correct. My own opinion is, that however this one-sided horn may really be used by the Narwhale—however that may be—it would certainly be very convenient to him for a folder in reading pamphlets. 
to stay all night at her friend’s house, Miss What-you-may-call-her I disremember her name--and they lost their steering-oar, and swung around and went a-floating down, stern first, about two mile, and 
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented 
Gabriel’s mind that Miss Ivors was not there and that she had gone away discourteously: and he said with confidence in himself: “A new generation is growing up in our midst, a generation actuated by 
and until their retreating footsteps were no longer audible, slunk down The house to which Oliver had been conveyed, was in the neighborhood of Whitechapel.  The Jew stopped for an instant at the corner of the 
had not known how to do it well, not understanding how the wind would set when we were out of the harbour. He did it for me. He expressed great gentleness and kindness for my father’s state, and I am sure he 
feeling, then returned for his candle and re-entered his room. It was a useful precaution; it will be recollected that his window could He cast a glance about him, at his table, at his chair, at his bed which 
Well, I have too, said Tom; oh, hundreds of times. Once down by the slaughter-house. Dont you remember, Huck? Bob Tanner was there, and Johnny Miller, and Jeff Thatcher, when I said it. Dont you remember, 
judged he would be blind drunk in about an hour, and then I would steal the key, or saw myself out, one or t’other.  He drank and drank, and tumbled down on his blankets by and by; but luck didn’t run my way. 
passed, he walks beneath tottering house-fronts projecting over the pavement, dismantled walls that seem to totter as he passes, chimneys half crushed half hesitating to fall, windows guarded by rusty iron 
swells, you needs must own the seductive god, bowing your head to Pan. But few thoughts of Pan stirred Ahab’s brain, as standing like an iron statue at his accustomed place beside the mizen rigging, with one 
the gift, might readily have prophesied it—for when I clapped my eye upon his skull I saw it. Well, Stubb, wise Stubb—that’s my title—well, Stubb, what of it, Stubb? Here’s a carcase. I know 
‘HE might bite,’ Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to ‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite. And the moral of that is--“Birds of a feather flock together.”’ 
where he go; for we have seen the owner of the ship, who have shown us invoices and all papers that can be. The box we seek is to be landed in Varna, and to be given to an agent, one Ristics who will there present 
“Blame it, I’d sorter begun to think you wasn’t.  Well, then, that’s all “Hold on a minute; I hain’t had my say yit.  You listen to me. Shooting’s good, but there’s quieter ways if the thing’s _got_ to be 
she’d put me to school. But my father were that good in his hart that he couldn’t abear to be without us. So, he’d come with a most tremenjous crowd and make such a row at the doors of the houses where we was, that 
don’t coom in wi’ th’ proposed reg’lations.  I canna coom in wi’ ’em.  My friends, I doubt their doin’ yo onny good.  Licker they’ll do yo hurt.’ Slackbridge laughed, folded his arms, and frowned sarcastically. 
second I was in the boat, and Jim come tumbling after me.  I out with my We didn’t touch an oar, and we didn’t speak nor whisper, nor hardly even breathe.  We went gliding swift along, dead silent, past the tip of the 
behind him. He watched the horizon grow white; he stared at all the chilly figures of a winter's dawn as they passed before his eyes, but without seeing them. The morning has its spectres as well as the 
room. His life would be lonely too until he, too, died, ceased to exist, It was after nine o’clock when he left the shop. The night was cold and gloomy. He entered the Park by the first gate and walked along 
of their gun-stocks against the stones; Javert's appeals to the police spies whom he had posted, and his imprecations mingled with words which At the expiration of a quarter of an hour it seemed as though that 
“Not all of one kind,” resumed Biddy. “He may be too proud to let any one take him out of a place that he is competent to fill, and fills well and with respect. To tell you the truth, I think he is; though it sounds 
at the opposite end of the town, the time was short, the road not easy; but she was so quick in pouncing on a disengaged coach, so quick in darting out of it, producing her money, seizing her ticket, and diving 
the two traitors, till they yelled no more, but lifelessly hung their heads sideways, as the two crucified thieves are drawn. “‘My wrist is sprained with ye!’ he cried, at last; ‘but there 
while he locked me in and went down to the store, three miles, to the ferry, and traded fish and game for whisky, and fetched it home and got drunk and had a good time, and licked me.  The widow she found out where 
brave people so much that you think you are braver than any other people--whereas you’re just _as_ brave, and no braver.  Why don’t your juries hang murderers?  Because they’re afraid the man’s friends will 
that. All such circumstances were indifferent to him, so that he did his duty. On the opposite side of the courtyard, under a colonnade, was extensive standing--for carriages--where, indeed, some carriages 
“I was not present at the ceremony; but my opinion is you were,” said Carton. At this, he laughed again, and they both laughed. “Before Shrewsbury, and at Shrewsbury, and ever since Shrewsbury,” 
length to see if it be exactly straight, Stubb whistlingly gathers up the coil of the warp in one hand, so as to secure its free end in his grasp, leaving the rest unobstructed. Then holding the lance full before 
"In God's name what does this mean?" Harker cried out. "Dr. Seward, Dr. Van Helsing, what is it? What has happened? What is wrong? Mina, dear, what is it? What does that blood mean? My God, my God! has it come to 
nest of addled eggs, where the birds of heaven would have lived if they had not been whistled away—by the fervour of this reproach. ‘I am not a moral sort of fellow,’ he said, ‘and I never make any 
a pill. He was about to take another bite, and had just got his head on one side for a good purchase on it, when his eye fell on me, and he saw The wonder and consternation with which Joe stopped on the threshold 
I said (glancing at Joe, who stood looking on, motionless), that I “First,” said Mr. Jaggers, “you should have some new clothes to come in, and they should not be working-clothes. Say this day week. You’ll want 
Any other boy! Tom thought, grating his teeth. Any boy in the whole town but that Saint Louis smarty that thinks he dresses so fine and is aristocracy! Oh, all right, I licked you the first day you ever saw this 
“Well, Capet, we’ll want to make this a first-class show, you know, so I guess we’ll add a little more to it.  We want a little something to “I’ll answer by doing the Highland fling or the sailor’s hornpipe; and 
‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest contempt. ‘I’ve seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s no use 
to know for certain that that particular manacle had not been worn by either of the two convicts who had escaped last night. Further, one of those two was already retaken, and had not freed himself of his iron. 
and cap, as a good citizen must, and in a window he had stationed his saw inscribed as his “Little Sainte Guillotine”--for the great sharp female was by that time popularly canonised. His shop was shut and he 
misfortunes are forgotten in the excitement of new enterprises. This new interest was a valued novelty in whistling, which he had just acquired from a negro, and he was suffering to practise it un-disturbed. It 
all three, and Bob and Tom poured a spoonful of water on the sugar and the mite of whisky or apple brandy in the bottom of their tumblers, and give it to me and Buck, and we drank to the old people too. 
There was such a person in the room that night, and she shrunk from ‘This is not all of ’em, even as we already know ’em,’ said Bounderby, with many nods of hidden meaning.  ‘But I have said enough for the 
sightseers had gathered in clumps to watch the cars careering homeward and through this channel of poverty and inaction the Continent sped its wealth and industry. Now and again the clumps of people raised the cheer 
exceedingly well, and, as long as the times held together, no man had What money would be drawn out of Tellson’s henceforth, and what would lie there, lost and forgotten; what plate and jewels would tarnish in 
night, and heard what passed (being close to Rachael all the time), I went to him when no one saw, and said to him, “Don’t look at me.  See where your father is.  Escape at once, for his sake and your own!”  He 
the gums; then the jaw is lashed down to ringbolts, and a tackle being rigged from aloft, they drag out these teeth, as Michigan oxen drag stumps of old oaks out of wild wood lands. There are generally forty-two 
earnest. I knew--as he knew--that it was a stand-up fight with death, and in a pause told him so. He answered me in a way that I did not understand, but with the sternest look that his face could wear:-- 
double pressure, like a creature who is at the same time being ground up in a mill and pulled to pieces with pincers. The man and the woman each had a different method: Cosette was overwhelmed with blows--this was the 
character; when I consider that what has been known to me for hours, has been concealed by you for years; when I consider under what immediate pressure it has been forced from you at last; I come to the conclusion 
We walked to town, my sister leading the way in a very large beaver bonnet, and carrying a basket like the Great Seal of England in plaited Straw, a pair of pattens, a spare shawl, and an umbrella, though it 
to make Joe less ignorant and common, that he might be worthier of my The old Battery out on the marshes was our place of study, and a broken slate and a short piece of slate-pencil were our educational implements: 
hollow voice, “Good night, Mr. Pip,” when I deemed it advisable to go to After two or three days, when I had established myself in my room and had gone backwards and forwards to London several times, and had ordered 
At that time there was a square formed by the intersection of streets, where the College Rollin stands to-day, and where the Rue It is understood, of course, that the Rue Neuve-Sainte-Geneviève is an 
corkscrew now—was flung in Javan seas, and run away with by a whale, years afterwards slain off the Cape of Blanco. The original iron entered nigh the tail, and, like a restless needle sojourning in the body of a 
answer it; for my brother and me has had misfortunes; he’s broke his arm, and our baggage got put off at a town above here last night in the night by a mistake.  I am Peter Wilks’ brother Harvey, and this is his 
as if to recall him out of the thoughtfulness, in which he was biting the long ends of his loose neckerchief as he walked along.  The touch had its instantaneous effect.  He let them fall, turned a smiling face upon her, 
Lucy was bitten by such a bat; and that such a thing is here in London in the nineteenth century?" He waved his hand for silence, and went "Can you tell me why the tortoise lives more long than generations of 
I do not know how I am writing this even to you. I am afraid to stop, or I should tear up the letter, and I don't want to stop, for I _do_ so want to tell you all. Let me hear from you _at once_, and tell me all 
would frighten him, but it would at least tell him that Tom was alive yet. It seemed hours since Tom had disappeared. Surely he must have fainted; maybe he was dead; maybe his heart had burst under terror and 
looked earnestly into his eyes, and said, “Son of darkness, I must do my duty by thee; I am part owner of this ship, and feel concerned for the souls of all its crew; if thou still clingest to thy Pagan ways, 
the room in great excitement, and addressing the gentleman in the high 'Mr. Limbkins, I beg your pardon, sir!  Oliver Twist has asked for There was a general start.  Horror was depicted on every countenance. 
the yoked ox may, its lean inhabitants slept soundly, and were fed and The fountain in the village flowed unseen and unheard, and the fountain at the chateau dropped unseen and unheard--both melting away, like the 
They walked onward, looking about them with the air of persons who entertained some very slight expectation which had little chance of being realised, when they were suddenly joined by this new associate. 
dronings of bugs and flies in the air that makes it seem so lonesome and like everybody’s dead and gone; and if a breeze fans along and quivers the leaves it makes you feel mournful, because you feel like it’s 
the books,--and walk in twice a year and take his profits away in his pocket, to the tune of fifty per cent,--it appeared to him that that might be an opening for a young gentleman of spirit combined with 
on again, with a patient tenderness that I was deeply grateful for. At first, as I lay quiet on the sofa, I found it painfully difficult, I might say impossible, to get rid of the impression of the glare of the 
serenity of the ether, moved amid the darkness by the visible splendor of the constellations and the invisible splendor of God, opening his heart to the thoughts which fall from the Unknown. At such moments, 
child. He approached the bed, where she lay sleeping, and trembled with joy. He suffered all the pangs of a mother, and he knew not what it meant; for that great and singular movement of a heart which begins to 
‘Sissy Jupe, sir,’ explained number twenty, blushing, standing up, and ‘Sissy is not a name,’ said Mr. Gradgrind.  ‘Don’t call yourself Sissy. ‘It’s father as calls me Sissy, sir,’ returned the young girl in a 
aware of having made a lapse, for he hurried on, as though to distract "I don't take any stock at all in such matters. 'Rats and mice and such small deer,' as Shakespeare has it, 'chicken-feed of the larder' they 
passed some ten minutes in tortures of suspense, and were now concluding their arrangements to follow the coach, even as Madame Defarge, taking her way through the streets, now drew nearer and nearer to the 
entering. “If, as a honest tradesman, my wenturs goes wrong to-night, I shall make sure that you’ve been praying again me, and I shall work you “Why, you’re at it afore my face!” said Mr. Cruncher, with signs of 
of a second-story window. Was the sacred presence there? He climbed the fence, threaded his stealthy way through the plants, till he stood under that window; he looked up at it long, and with emotion; then he laid him 
By this time the sun had risen, and we were all in the full light of day. Dr. Van Helsing placed his hands on Mina's shoulders, and laid her head down softly on her pillow. She lay like a sleeping child for a few 
“It’s a curious thing,” said Mr Cunningham, “about the Jesuit Order. Every other order of the Church had to be reformed at some time or other but the Jesuit Order was never once reformed. It never fell 
sturgeon. And these, when either thrown ashore or caught near the coast, “Soon to the sport of death the crews repair: “Bright shone the roofs, the domes, the spires, 
‘Ay!  I mean,’ said Mr. Childers, with a nod, ‘that he has cut.  He was goosed last night, he was goosed the night before last, he was goosed to-day.  He has lately got in the way of being always goosed, and he 
He well knew the futility of trying to contend against witches, so he gave up discouraged. But it occurred to him that he might as well have the marble he had just thrown away, and therefore he went and made a 
galloping as hard as they can." He paused and went on in a hollow "They are racing for the sunset. We may be too late. God's will be done!" Down came another blinding rush of driving snow, and the whole 
light broke clearly on his mind. “Cly! Disguised, but the same man. We “Now, there you are hasty, sir,” said Barsad, with a smile that gave his aquiline nose an extra inclination to one side; “there you really give 
out again,' said Mr. Sikes, 'and then he must be taken care on.  You The prudence of this line of action, indeed, was obvious; but, unfortunately, there was one very strong objection to its being 
bed and give me a pull, and out I come; and when he turned back from the window there she stood, a-beaming and a-smiling like a house afire, and I standing pretty meek and sweaty alongside.  The old gentleman stared, 
and cheerless. I knew no one in the place. With anxious grapnels I had sounded my pocket, and only brought up a few pieces of silver,—So, wherever you go, Ishmael, said I to myself, as I stood in the middle of 
in, and got behind one of the gates in the brewery-lane, and leaned my sleeve against the wall there, and leaned my forehead on it and cried. As I cried, I kicked the wall, and took a hard twist at my hair; so 
Shaking off the sleet from my ice-glazed hat and jacket, I seated myself near the door, and turning sideways was surprised to see Queequeg near me. Affected by the solemnity of the scene, there was a wondering gaze 
“We used to have a very good horse and trap at home,” said Aunt “The never-to-be-forgotten Johnny,” said Mary Jane, laughing. “Why, what was wonderful about Johnny?” asked Mr Browne. 
“‘Doctor, they are very proud, these Nobles; but we common dogs are proud too, sometimes. They plunder us, outrage us, beat us, kill us; but we have a little pride left, sometimes. She--have you seen her, Doctor?’ 
as the noises that greeted the ear, might be made out; and as the eye grew more accustomed to the scene, the spectator gradually became aware of the presence of a numerous company, male and female, crowded round a 
cleft stick from the Dodger; and, advancing to Oliver, viewed him round and round; while the Jew, taking off his nightcap, made a great number of low bows to the bewildered boy.  The Artful, meantime, who was of a 
the name of the Empire,--that would be a trifle: he hurls it at the past in the name of the Revolution. It is heard, and Cambronne is recognized as possessed by the ancient spirit of the Titans. Danton seems to be 
“We set sail from the Elbe, wind N.E. in the ship called The Jonas-in-the-Whale.... Some say the whale can’t open his mouth, but that is a fable.... They frequently climb up the masts to see whether 
Acquaintance, intimacy, friendship, fast followed on each other. Your father was gifted as few men are.  He had his sister's soul and person. As the old officer knew him more and more, he grew to love him.  I 
reading aloud in a most dignified and terrific manner, and occasionally bumping on the ceiling. There was a fiction that Mr. Wopsle “examined” the scholars once a quarter. What he did on those occasions was to turn 
extorted--and even did extort, though I don’t know how--those references And when he and I were left alone together, he sat with an air upon him of general lying by in consequence of information he possessed, that 
she lifted up her voice at an angle calculated for distance and shouted: There was a slight noise behind her and she turned just in time to seize a small boy by the slack of his roundabout and arrest his flight. 
he fancied that the box sent aboard might contain something stolen from a friend of his, and got a half consent that he might open it at his own risk. The owner gave him a paper telling the Captain to give him every 
Pequod, you will no doubt remember, was the name of a celebrated tribe of Massachusetts Indians; now extinct as the ancient Medes. I peered and pryed about the Devil-dam; from her, hopped over to the Tit-bit; and 
‘There is not the least hope.  The first object of my coming here, sir, is to assure you that you must believe that there is no more hope of your ever speaking with her again, than there would be if she had died when 
as many capes to his greasy great-coat as he was years old, packed me up in his coach and hemmed me in with a folding and jingling barrier of steps, as if he were going to take me fifty miles. His getting on his 
raise up and laugh at him.  But it warn’t so this time.  It was a drift-canoe sure enough, and I clumb in and paddled her ashore.  Thinks I, the old man will be glad when he sees this--she’s worth ten dollars. 
down in the hold, Mr. Starbuck; it’ll spoil. Be careful with the butter—twenty cents the pound it was, and mind ye, if—” “Come, come, Captain Bildad; stop palavering,—away!” and with 
whatever he could. His sister worked also but what could she do with seven little children? It was a sad group enveloped in misery, which was being gradually annihilated. A very hard winter came. Jean had no work. 
shade from which to look upon the wide prospect, steeped in sunshine, which lay stretched beyond.  The earth had donned her mantle of brightest green; and shed her richest perfumes abroad.  It was the 
as whales; and have presented them with their passports to quit the First: According to magnitude I divide the whales into three primary BOOKS (subdivisible into CHAPTERS), and these shall comprehend them all, 
reached the passage, he laid his finger on his lip, and drawing close 'What do you mean?' replied the girl, in the same tone. 'The reason of all this,' replied Fagin.  'If _he_'--he pointed with 
Richmond................................... Mr. Kean. Admission 25 cents; children and servants, 10 cents. Then we went loafing around the town. The stores and houses was most all 
it out pretty quick. What you going to do with yourn, Tom? Im going to buy a new drum, and a surenough sword, and a red necktie Well, thats the foolishest thing you could do. Look at pap and my 
state; nor did he rouse himself until his attention was again awakened 'Are you going to sit snoring there, all day?' inquired Mrs. Bumble. 'I am going to sit here, as long as I think proper, ma'am,' rejoined 
small teapot, and the single cup, had awakened in her mind sad recollections of Mr. Corney (who had not been dead more than 'I shall never get another!' said Mrs. Corney, pettishly; 'I shall 
oftentimes pass on without so much as a single word of recognition, mutually cutting each other on the high seas, like a brace of dandies in Broadway; and all the time indulging, perhaps, in finical criticism upon 
the public room was deserted, the fire extinct, the stranger still remained in the same place and the same attitude. From time to time he changed the elbow on which he leaned. That was all; but he had not said 
tossed and gaped beneath the ship’s bows like a chip at the base of a cataract; and then the vast hull rolled over it, and it was seen no more till it came up weltering astern. Again we swam for it, were dashed 
called a warp, of considerable length, by which it can be hauled back to But before going further, it is important to mention here, that though the harpoon may be pitchpoled in the same way with the lance, yet it 
_Napoleon_, or to say _Buonaparte_. All sensible people were agreed that the era of revolution had been closed forever by King Louis XVIII., surnamed "The Immortal Author of the Charter." On the platform of the 
his head. “It’s disapinting to a man,” he said, in a coarse broken voice, “arter having looked for’ard so distant, and come so fur; but you’re not to blame for that,--neither on us is to blame for that. I’ll 
‘It’s only crossing the bar, sir, and up the stairs, if you wouldn’t mind, and waiting there for a moment till I get a candle.  If you should hear a dog, sir, it’s only Merrylegs, and he only barks.’ 
“Not at all,” retained the ancient clerk. “Speak well of the law. Take care of your chest and voice, my good friend, and leave the law to take “It’s the damp, sir, what settles on my chest and voice,” said Jerry. “I 
to be rich. Well, dey’s some use in a sign like dat, ‘kase it’s so fur ahead. You see, maybe you’s got to be po’ a long time fust, en so you might git discourage’ en kill yo’sef ‘f you didn’ know by de sign dat 
anything." Then, seeing the look of amazement on our faces, she said, turning from one to the other with a troubled look:-- "What have I said? What have I done? I know nothing, only that I was 
of the kitchen. The unemployed bystanders drew back when they saw me, and so I became aware of my sister,--lying without sense or movement on the bare boards where she had been knocked down by a tremendous blow 
“When that person discloses,” said Mr. Jaggers, straightening himself, “you and that person will settle your own affairs. When that person discloses, my part in this business will cease and determine. When that 
there is something terrible in there: the thing you heard crowing.” The exultation of the boys, the lowering looks of the pirates, both were “Cecco,” he said in his most steely voice, “go back and fetch me out 
slide off in the water.  The ridge our cavern was in was full of them. One night we catched a little section of a lumber raft--nice pine planks. It was twelve foot wide and about fifteen or sixteen foot long, and 
and women there, to see to the poor live stock, and lead the bony cows out, to such pasture as could be found by the roadside. In the church and at the Cross, a kneeling figure or two; attendant on the latter 
Then he dropped down and went to sleep again; but what he had been saying give me the very idea I wanted.  I says to myself, I can fix it About twelve o’clock we turned out and went along up the bank.  The 
as of mattock and spade, and, whatever it is, it must be the end of some I had been at the window somewhat less than half an hour, when I saw something coming out of the Count's window. I drew back and watched 
The effort succeeded; for an instant he unconsciously relapsed into his old servile manner, bent low before me, and actually fawned upon me as "I don't want any souls, indeed, indeed! I don't. I couldn't use them if 
not at all his proper business, but the pilot’s; and as he was not yet completely recovered—so they said—therefore, Captain Ahab stayed below. And all this seemed natural enough; especially as in the merchant 
barber, its coffee-shop, its beer-shop, and its fried-fish warehouse. It is a commercial colony of itself:  the emporium of petty larceny: visited at early morning, and setting-in of dusk, by silent merchants, 
ever saw living whales; and but one of them was a real professional harpooneer and whaleman. I mean Captain Scoresby. On the separate subject of the Greenland or right-whale, he is the best existing 
underlying the sweet, a bitter offensiveness, as one smells in blood. I was afraid to raise my eyelids, but looked out and saw perfectly under the lashes. The girl went on her knees, and bent over me, simply 
large-eyed, small-headed, bluff-chested, and with the dignity of a thousand monarchs in his lofty, overscorning carriage. He was the elected Xerxes of vast herds of wild horses, whose pastures in those 
have been obvious to the lynx-eyed Fagin, who would most probably have taken the alarm at once; but Mr. Sikes lacking the niceties of discrimination, and being troubled with no more subtle misgivings than 
into a trumpet and shouted—“No, Sir! No!” Upon which Ahab retired, He now perceived that the Guernsey-man, who had just got into the chains, and was using a cutting-spade, had slung his nose in a sort of 
religion is the religion, the old, original faith.” Mrs Kernan came to the door of the bedroom and announced: A pale oval face came forward into the light. The arch of its fair 
“Wall,” said the landlord, fetching a long breath, “that’s a purty long sarmon for a chap that rips a little now and then. But be easy, be easy, this here harpooneer I have been tellin’ you of has 
"_Czarina Catherine_ reported this morning from Dardanelles." _25 October._--How I miss my phonograph! To write diary with a pen is irksome to me; but Van Helsing says I must. We were all wild with 
see the ghost in the queen’s apartment, he might have made more of his I modestly assented, and we all fell through a little dirty swing door, into a sort of hot packing-case immediately behind it. Here Mr. Wopsle 
him had pressed and passed the inquiry on to the nearest attendant, and from him it had been more slowly pressed and passed back; at last it got The Judge, whose eyes had gone in the general direction, recalled them, 
of all this was, that the archangel cared little or nothing for the captain and mates; and since the epidemic had broken out, he carried a higher hand than ever; declaring that the plague, as he called it, was 
The man rose to his feet, filliping the dust from his threadbare "Monsieur Thénardier, in January last, the mother reckoned that she owed you one hundred and twenty francs. In February, you sent her a bill of 
'I'm afraid,' said the Jew, 'that he may say something which will get 'That's very likely,' returned Sikes with a malicious grin. 'You're 'And I'm afraid, you see,' added the Jew, speaking as if he had not 
knew nothing of his friends, and there was on him nothing that any one could understand. He came in the train from Klausenburg, and the guard was told by the station-master there that he rushed into the station 
off rather than to say that she had been born at Segesta when she had been born at Syracuse--a lie which would have saved her. This patron Sister Simplice, on her entrance into the order, had had two faults 
The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck followed; also The Assyrian Came Down, and other declamatory gems. Then there were reading exercises, and a spelling fight. The meagre Latin class recited with honor. The 
"I have read your letters to Miss Lucy. Forgive me, but I had to begin to inquire somewhere, and there was none to ask. I know that you were with her at Whitby. She sometimes kept a diary--you need not look 
sound in all quarters of the horizon, as of some one moving furniture; everything that could be seen assumed attitudes of terror. How many things shiver beneath these vast breaths of the night! 
“Heart of wrought steel!” murmured Starbuck gazing over the side, and following with his eyes the receding boat—“canst thou yet ring boldly to that sight?—lowering thy keel among ravening sharks, and 
time; but he addressed all who might be dreaming of the Neverland, and who were therefore nearer to him than you think: boys and girls in their nighties, and naked papooses in their baskets hung from trees. 
The long-drawn virgin vales; the mild blue hill-sides; as over these there steals the hush, the hum; you almost swear that play-wearied children lie sleeping in these solitudes, in some glad May-time, when 
elegant furniture, and he bullied the very pictures with his origin. ‘Why, sir,’ he would say to a visitor, ‘I am told that Nickits,’ the late owner, ‘gave seven hundred pound for that Seabeach.  Now, to be plain 
gay bridals and other merry-makings of men, and also to illuminate the solemn churches that preach unconditional inoffensiveness by all to all. Still rolling in his blood, at last he partially disclosed a strangely 
the nurse and the schoolmaster." He created at his own expense an infant school, a thing then almost unknown in France, and a fund for aiding old and infirm workmen. As his factory was a centre, a new quarter, in which 
with the knife, will be burnt off before his face; that, into wounds which will be made in his arms, his breast, and his legs, there will be poured boiling oil, melted lead, hot resin, wax, and sulphur; finally, 
word, and kissed them, solemn, on the forehead, and then put their hand on their head, and looked up towards the sky, with the tears running down, and then busted out and went off sobbing and swabbing, and give 
This song was an old cradle romance with which she had, in former days, lulled her little Cosette to sleep, and which had never recurred to her mind in all the five years during which she had been parted from her 
them in so heavy a vessel. After taking counsel with his officers, he anchored the ship as far off shore as possible; loaded and ran out his two cannon from the bows; stacked his muskets on the poop; and warning 
They were his dogs snapping at him, but, tragic figure though he had become, he scarcely heeded them. Against such fearful evidence it was not their belief in him that he needed, it was his own. He felt his ego 
deliberation, and Jean Valjean fell to meditating once more, his cap in his left hand, his club in his right hand, his hair bristling all over The Bishop continued to sleep in profound peace beneath that terrifying 
they held their breaths as she passed within a few feet of their place of concealment, and emerged by the door at which they had entered. 'To the left,' whispered the lad; 'take the left had, and keep od the 
lay them out in their regular turns, but he couldn’t wait now because he’d come to town to kill old Colonel Sherburn, and his motto was, “Meat “Whar’d you come f’m, boy?  You prepared to die?” 
The something that I had noticed before, clicked in the man’s throat again, and he turned his back. The boat had returned, and his guard were ready, so we followed him to the landing-place made of rough stakes 
'Why not?' rejoined Sikes.  'You're a-going to accommodate us, and wot's to prevent my standing treat for a pint or so, in return?' The stranger reflected upon this argument, with a very profound face; 
alone. I am afraid--sore afraid--that this purpose originated in my sense of the contrast there would be between me and Joe, if we went to the coach together. I had pretended with myself that there was nothing 
secret, whatever it may be, from the fear of this man Monks.  But if--if--' said the gentleman, 'he cannot be secured, or, if secured, cannot be acted upon as we wish, you must deliver up the Jew.' 
at his back, harpoon-wise. And once Daggoo, seized with a sudden humor, assisted Dough-Boy’s memory by snatching him up bodily, and thrusting his head into a great empty wooden trencher, while Tashtego, knife in 
Ah, thats it. I thought there was more to it, maybe. Thats very well. But youve another one I daresay, and youll tell it to me, wont you? Tell the gentleman your other name, Thomas, said Walters, and say 
the money all at once.  I pretended to put my balance away every night, ‘If a thunderbolt had fallen on me,’ said the father, ‘it would have ‘I don’t see why,’ grumbled the son.  ‘So many people are employed in 
Only a few feeble stragglers said Yes: among them Sissy Jupe. ‘Girl number twenty,’ said the gentleman, smiling in the calm strength of ‘So you would carpet your room—or your husband’s room, if you were a 
Hand in hand, ship and breeze blew on; but the breeze came faster than By and by, through the glass the stranger’s boats and manned mast-heads proved her a whale-ship. But as she was so far to windward, 
were in the habit of rowing up and down the river? You fall into that habit, and then who notices or minds? Do it twenty or fifty times, and there is nothing special in your doing it the twenty-first or 
One would have said that something dark was descending upon her. She was livid and her lips were blue. She smiled now and then. Five o'clock struck. Then the sister heard her say, very low and gently, 
hair and eyes the same. There, you know now why I love him so. And yet when he say things that touch my husband-heart to the quick, and make my father-heart yearn to him as to no other man--not even to you, friend 
action belied his words, for his hands instinctively sought the hilt of the great Kukri knife and rested there. "When does the next train start "At 6:30 to-morrow morning!" We all started, for the answer came from 
It was a black and hooded head; and hanging there in the midst of so intense a calm, it seemed the Sphynx’s in the desert. “Speak, thou vast and venerable head,” muttered Ahab, “which, though ungarnished 
hour late. Buda-Pesth seems a wonderful place, from the glimpse which I got of it from the train and the little I could walk through the streets. I feared to go very far from the station, as we had arrived 
search to look straight before him, his gaze encountered the pale and terrified face of Oliver Twist: who, despite all the admonitory looks and pinches of Bumble, was regarding the repulsive countenance of his 
Look at the sailor, called the mincer, who now comes along, and assisted by two allies, heavily backs the grandissimus, as the mariners call it, and with bowed shoulders, staggers off with it as if he were a grenadier 
the widest expanses of water between those grounds he could, by his art, so place and time himself on his way, as even then not to be wholly There was a circumstance which at first sight seemed to entangle his 
himself at the office of M. sur M. It was addressed to Paris, and the superscription ran: _To Monsieur Chabouillet, Secretary of Monsieur le Préfet of Police_. As the affair in the station-house had been bruited 
and even at this distance of time brings back to me, an old man, the glow and thrill which I once felt, only to hear it repeated by a stranger.  I am very glad you have changed it--very--very.' 
Jean Valjean was in the shadow, and stood motionless, with his iron candlestick in his hand, frightened by this luminous old man. Never had he beheld anything like this. This confidence terrified him. The 
him. I had written asking him if he had heard, and he said the enclosed had just been received. It is only a line dated from Castle Dracula, and says that he is just starting for home. That is not like Jonathan; 
they knew nothing about the passages), was in a manner contagious; more especially the bright virtue known as patriotism, or love of country. That, the lofty example of this immaculate and unimpeachable witness 
look about him for such an orphan child. One night he brought her here “Two or three. She herself knows nothing, but that she was left an So convinced I was of that woman’s being her mother, that I wanted 
I began to throw my torn-up grass into the river, as if I had some “Do you want to be a gentleman, to spite her or to gain her over?” Biddy “Because, if it is to spite her,” Biddy pursued, “I should think--but 
another stone cross, the top of which has disappeared in the process of clearing the ground, but whose overturned pedestal is still visible on the grassy slope to the left of the highway between La Haie-Sainte and 
time. Could he not keep his tongue in his cheek? But they had never pulled together from the first, he and Mr Alleyne, ever since the day Mr Alleyne had overheard him mimicking his North of Ireland accent to amuse 
concealment the box which he had unintentionally disclosed to Oliver. Then, he hastily proceeded to dispose the watches and jewellery beneath A rap at the door startled him in this occupation.  'Who's there?' he 
candlestick, and hurled it under the grate.  Seeing the faint light of early day without, the girl rose to undraw the curtain. 'Let it be,' said Sikes, thrusting his hand before her. 'There's enough 
but who know also how to beg, who feel little scruple at making a whole diocese dance attendance in their person, who are connecting links between the sacristy and diplomacy, who are abbés rather than priests, 
'Ah!' said Mr. Losberne, cooling himself with his pocket-handkerchief; 'You see,' pursued Mr. Brownlow; 'placing this poor girl entirely out of the question, and supposing it were possible to bring these 
night he hear the roar of breakers, starts to vigilance, and feels just enough of trepidation to sharpen all his faculties; but under precisely similar circumstances, let him be called from his hammock to view his 
and seals hung at his watch-chain, as if he were quite laden with remembrances of departed friends. He had glittering eyes,--small, keen, and black,--and thin wide mottled lips. He had had them, to the best of 
gave a very plainly bound Bible (worth forty cents in those easy times) to the pupil. How many of my readers would have the industry and application to memorize two thousand verses, even for a Dore Bible? And 
raised the latch of the door and peeped in at him opposite to it, “Mrs. Joe has been out a dozen times, looking for you, Pip. And she’s “Yes, Pip,” said Joe; “and what’s worse, she’s got Tickler with her.” 
"Monsieur," said the woman, "my boy tells me that you wish to hire a These simple words uttered by an old woman led by a child made the perspiration trickle down his limbs. He thought that he beheld the hand 
come to (for I had no idea where he lived), and I believe it was in his general objection to make anything like an admission, that he replied, “Come here, and I’ll take you home with me.” I embrace this opportunity 
Nor would difference of country make any very essential difference; that is, so long as both parties speak one language, as is the case with Americans and English. Though, to be sure, from the small number of 
himself. In fact, placed before the strict and piercing truth, this whole story will fare like that fish, flesh, and fowl idol of the Philistines, Dagon by name; who being planted before the ark of Israel, 
custom was. He did it with some flourish of ceremony, for a mail journey from London in winter was an achievement to congratulate an adventurous By that time, there was only one adventurous traveller left be 
from behind the curtain, for a tall man with a black patch over his eye, till his own two eyes ached again.  At last, he couldn't help shutting 'em, to ease 'em a minute; and the very moment he did so, he 
“I was just thinking,” he said, a little scared. “It is only make-believe, isn’t it, that I am their father?” “Oh yes,” Wendy said primly [formally and properly]. 
wet underfoot I must put on my goloshes. Tonight even he wanted me to put them on, but I wouldn’t. The next thing he’ll buy me will be a Gabriel laughed nervously and patted his tie reassuringly while Aunt 
that it took no distinctness of shape, and that it was the revival for a The coffee-room at the Blue Boar was empty, and I had not only ordered my dinner there, but had sat down to it, before the waiter knew me. As 
apprehend, their wayward and flickering existence. His own identity was fading out into a grey impalpable world: the solid world itself which these dead had one time reared and lived in was dissolving and 
which marks the intersection of the roads--a pile of the sixteenth century, and so robust that the cannon-balls rebounded from it without injuring it. All about the plateau the English had cut the hedges here 
miscreants leapt into the sea; others hid in dark recesses, where they were found by Slightly, who did not fight, but ran about with a lantern which he flashed in their faces, so that they were half blinded and 
“I wouldn’t like children of mine,” he said, “to have too much “What I mean is,” said old Cotter, “it’s bad for children. My idea is: let a young lad run about and play with young lads of his own 
“I don’t care whether ‘twas little or whether ‘twas big; he’s here in our house and a stranger, and it wasn’t good of you to say it.  If you was in his place it would make you feel ashamed; and so you oughtn’t to 
fault of mine.  I played it as low down on them as I could. When the first streak of day began to show we tied up to a towhead in a big bend on the Illinois side, and hacked off cottonwood branches with 
even a blow-fly, and when the moon got up I was pretty angry with him. When he slid in through the window, though it was shut, and did not even knock, I got mad with him. He sneered at me, and his white face looked 
the particulars and vouchers of our long account shall be sent to you, together with the balance; for there is still a balance remaining. Good We shook hands, and he looked hard at me as long as he could see me. I 
with a folding bed; Jean Valjean carried the child to this bed and laid He struck a match and lighted a candle. All this was prepared beforehand on the table, and, as he had done on the previous evening, he began 
but in that habitual way of hers, she put me so entirely out of the question, that I could believe nothing of the kind. “Pip,” said Estella, casting her glance over the room, “don’t be foolish 
and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood. Her image accompanied me even in places the most hostile to romance. On Saturday evenings when my aunt went marketing I had to go to carry 
Angoulême had all the qualities of a seaport; otherwise the monarchical principle would have received a wound. In the Council of Ministers the question was agitated whether vignettes representing slack-rope 
wait for the blessing; and then she went to sluicing out coffee with one hand and cracking the handiest child’s head with her thimble with the “I’ve hunted high and I’ve hunted low, and it does beat all what _has_ 
thrusting them into pockets which were so surprisingly capacious, that they seemed to undermine his whole suit of clothes in every direction. These things looked so bad, that Oliver was on the point of declaring 
aye, my hearties all round; it was Moby Dick that dismasted me; Moby Dick that brought me to this dead stump I stand on now. Aye, aye,” he shouted with a terrific, loud, animal sob, like that of a heart-stricken 
her appearance; she is woefully different from what she was when I saw her last. Of course you must bear in mind that I did not have full opportunity of examination such as I should wish; our very friendship 
it was by no means a desirable one; for his teeth chattered in his head Now, these four retorts arose from Mr. Giles's taunt; and Mr. Giles's taunt had arisen from his indignation at having the responsibility of 
But Maria said she had brought something special for papa and mamma, something they would be sure to like, and she began to look for her plumcake. She tried in Downes’s bag and then in the pockets of her 
retained his stool by the fire; Barney wrapped in a blanket, stretched They slept, or appeared to sleep, for some time; nobody stirring but Barney, who rose once or twice to throw coals on the fire. Oliver fell 
thinking how little he had for supper and how much more he would eat if he had it--in these times, as he raised his eyes from his lonely labour, and viewed the prospect, he would see some rough figure approaching on 
How many, think ye, have likewise fallen into Plato’s honey head, and To scan the lines of his face, or feel the bumps on the head of this Leviathan; this is a thing which no Physiognomist or Phrenologist has as 
police courts, had been tempered by brief immersions in the waters of general philosophy. He was well informed. His friends bowed to his opinions and considered that his face was like Shakespeare’s. 
receive the full complement of their crew. Upon the passage homewards, they drop them there again. How it is, there is no telling, but Islanders seem to make the best whalemen. They were nearly all Islanders 
right, never fear. He felt against his shirt the agitation of her bosom. It was not altogether his fault that it had happened. He remembered well, with the curious patient memory of the celibate, the first casual 
if with impatience to pluck him out into the streets and kill him. On these few steps of his dangerous way, Charles Darnay had set his foot according to Doctor Manette’s reiterated instructions. The same cautious 
the end? To-morrow! to-morrow! Lord, help me, and those to whom I am _30 June, morning._--These may be the last words I ever write in this diary. I slept till just before the dawn, and when I woke threw myself 
pocket-book; and requested a receipt:  which Mrs. Mann wrote. 'It's very much blotted, sir,' said the farmer of infants; 'but it's formal enough, I dare say.  Thank you, Mr. Bumble, sir, I am very much 
That put the thing in a new light. Ben stopped nibbling his apple. Tom swept his brush daintily back and forth--stepped back to note the effect--added a touch here and there--criticised the effect again--Ben 
John?" Once more, argumentative hostility woke within me. I _could_ not accept such an overwhelming idea as he suggested; so, with an attempt to argue of which I was even at the moment ashamed, I said:-- 
the words, ‘But even as an example to Louisa, of what this pursuit which has been the subject of a vulgar curiosity, leads to and ends in.  Think Meanwhile, the various members of Sleary’s company gradually gathered 
4TH NANTUCKET SAILOR. He has his orders, mind ye that. I heard old Ahab tell him he must always kill a squall, something as they burst a waterspout with a pistol—fire your ship right into it! 
Then nothing but liquor had been found; there would have been a great powwow if it had been the gold. So the treasure was gone forever--gone forever! But what could she be crying about? Curious that she should 
beyond the shadow of any suspicion, there could be nothing out of the way in being a witness to what was to take place, and he engaged the tilbury from Scaufflaire in order to be prepared in any event. 
'Yes, sir,' stammered the boy.  The gentleman who spoke last was unconsciously right.  It would have been very like a Christian, and a marvellously good Christian too, if Oliver had prayed for the people 
and went to find his comrades. They were wide apart in the woods, both very pale, both fast asleep. But something informed him that if they had They were not talkative at supper that night. They had a humble look, 
the striking of the helmsman’s bell, was heard—“What d’ye But when three or four days had slided by, after meeting the children-seeking Rachel; and no spout had yet been seen; the monomaniac 
don't know what. I remember, though I suppose I was asleep, passing through the streets and over the bridge. A fish leaped as I went by, and I leaned over to look at it, and I heard a lot of dogs howling--the 
‘What is the present need, Tom?  Three figures?  Out with them.  Say what ‘Mr. Harthouse,’ returned Tom, now actually crying; and his tears were better than his injuries, however pitiful a figure he made: ‘it’s too 
'Such matters keep well, and, like good wine, often double their value in course of time,' answered the matron, still preserving the resolute indifference she had assumed.  'As to lying dead, there are those who 
YOUR temper!’ ‘Hold your tongue, Ma!’ said the young Crab, a little snappishly. ‘You’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!’ ‘I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!’ said Alice aloud, addressing 
skeleton keys? If so that we can open the door, we need not break house Dr. Seward tried one or two skeleton keys, his mechanical dexterity as a surgeon standing him in good stead. Presently he got one to suit; after 
'_Real ones_,' rejoined the girl.  'This was not.' There was something so uncommon in her manner, that the flesh of the concealed listener crept as he heard the girl utter these words, and 
CHAPTER 57. Of Whales in Paint; in Teeth; in Wood; in Sheet-Iron; in On Tower-hill, as you go down to the London docks, you may have seen a crippled beggar (or kedger, as the sailors say) holding a painted board 
sign of a dog that was manifest to eye or ear in the Pegasus’s Arms. They heard the doors of rooms above, opening and shutting as Sissy went from one to another in quest of her father; and presently they heard 
of horrible fancies began to crowd in upon my mind--all of them connected with death, and vampires; with blood, and pain, and trouble." Her husband involuntarily groaned as she turned to him and said 
“It was he, it was he!” cried Ahab, suddenly letting out his “And harpoons sticking in near his starboard fin.” “Aye, aye—they were mine—my irons,” cried Ahab, 
“At once, d’ye hear,” cried Peter, “or I’ll plunge my hook in you.” “Better do what the captain orders,” said Starkey nervously. “Ay, ay,” Smee said, and he cut Tiger Lily’s cords. At once like an eel 
thick upon you, I may show you better ways out of them than you can find ‘Thank you,’ said Tom, shaking his head dismally, and chewing rosebuds. ‘I wish I had known you sooner, Mr. Harthouse.’ 
The four couples conscientiously went through with all the country follies possible at that time. The vacation was beginning, and it was a warm, bright, summer day. On the preceding day, Favourite, the only one 
the hatchet, and covered up the raft with them so she looked like there had been a cave-in in the bank there.  A tow-head is a sandbar that has We had mountains on the Missouri shore and heavy timber on the Illinois 
regardless of this vice in your brother, or inclined to consider it a The wood floated before her, for her eyes were suffused with tears.  They rose from a deep well, long concealed, and her heart was filled with 
every now and then; then he would hoist up his eyebrows; next he would squeeze his hand on his forehead and stagger back and kind of moan; next he would sigh, and next he’d let on to drop a tear.  It was beautiful 
pretending not to have heard the sailors’ talk. ‘Thunder away at “‘Aye, aye, sir,’ said Steelkilt, merry as a cricket. ‘Lively, boys, lively, now!’ And with that the pump clanged like fifty 
“How dreadfully unkind in a brother nothing has ever turned my love away from!” cried Miss Pross, “to give me such a greeting, and show me no “There. Confound it! There,” said Solomon, making a dab at Miss Pross’s 
“If I could only get myself to do it, that would be the thing for me.” It did not appear quite so unlikely to me that evening, as it would have done if we had discussed it a few hours before. I therefore observed 
“You will naturally be anxious to hear of the witness, Miss Manette. She will do very well. You have seen the worst of her agitation.” “I am deeply sorry to have been the cause of it. Could you tell her so 
them out of rooms where it was, if he shut up drawers and closets where it stood, if he drew the curious from places where he knew it to be secreted, and got them out into the streets, the very chimneys of the 
on of many footsteps in the outskirts of the crowd, so that it swells forward in a mass, like one great heave of water, all flashes away. They said of him, about the city that night, that it was the 
bread I have eaten these sixty years--because I am a little stiff about the joints? Why, I am a boy, sir, to half a dozen old codgers here!” “How I admire the gallantry of your youthful spirit, Mr. Lorry.” 
should have a certain sum; and he was to have more for making him a thief, which this Monks wanted for some purpose of his own.' 'He caught sight of my shadow on the wall as I listened, in the hope of 
before I had been there a week, a neighboring lady with whom the family were personally unacquainted, wrote in to say that she had seen Millers slapping the baby. This greatly distressed Mrs. Pocket, who burst into 
a body sick, a white to make a body’s flesh crawl--a tree-toad white, a fish-belly white.  As for his clothes--just rags, that was all.  He had one ankle resting on t’other knee; the boot on that foot was busted, and 
mouths; others made small mud-embankments, to stem the wine as it ran; others, directed by lookers-on up at high windows, darted here and there, to cut off little streams of wine that started away in new 
“He’s round at the Black Eagle,” said Mr Henchy. “But won’t “No, no, thank you. It was just a little business matter,” said He retreated from the doorway and Mr Henchy, seizing one of the 
“Well, then; don’t meditate nothing. You might as well flop as meditate. You may as well go again me one way as another. Drop it altogether.” “Yes, Jerry,” repeated Mr. Cruncher sitting down to tea. “Ah! It _is_ 
yaller janders, and brain-fever, and I don’t know what all.” “Well, what in the nation do they call it the _mumps_ for?” “Why, because it _is_ the mumps.  That’s what it starts with.” 
steeled Hook’s heart. If his rage had broken him into a hundred pieces every one of them would have disregarded the incident, and leapt at the Though a light from the one lamp shone dimly on the bed, Hook stood in 
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   15,000   " M. Myriel made no change in this arrangement during the entire period that he occupied the see of D---- As has been seen, he called it 
with fresh flowers, had looked grim and gruesome enough; but now, some days afterwards, when the flowers hung lank and dead, their whites turning to rust and their greens to browns; when the spider and the 
descendant of the Scadgerses and connexion by matrimony of the Powlers, shook her right-hand mitten at his portrait, made a contemptuous grimace at that work of art, and said ‘Serve you right, you Noodle, and I am glad 
together unseen, a few of the people fell to dancing. Instantly, all the rest fell to dancing, and the courtyard overflowed with the Carmagnole. Then, they elevated into the vacant chair a young woman from the 
I sat down on an old wooden settle, carved all over like a bench on the Battery. At one end a ruminating tar was still further adorning it with his jack-knife, stooping over and diligently working away at the space 
back--for half a minute--I’ve been low. I said to Pip, I knowed as I had been low. But don’t you fret yourself on that score. I ain’t made Pip a gentleman, and Pip ain’t a going to make you a gentleman, not fur me not 
clerk! Mina would not like that. Solicitor--for just before leaving London I got word that my examination was successful; and I am now a full-blown solicitor! I began to rub my eyes and pinch myself to see if 
out; so I told her my wishes, and she came into them.  She would do anything for me.  It was very game of her, wasn’t it?’ ‘Not that it was altogether so important to her as it was to me,’ 
among the palms; eventually, as it turned out, seizing a large double war-canoe of the savages, and setting sail for some other harbor. “The ship’s company being reduced to but a handful, the captain 
detached iron part of their harpoons, some three feet long, held, barbs “Stab me not with that keen steel! Cant them; cant them over! know ye not the goblet end? Turn up the socket! So, so; now, ye cup-bearers, 
“Steelkilt leaped on the barricade, and striding up and down there, defied the worst the pistols could do; but gave the captain to understand distinctly, that his (Steelkilt’s) death would be the 
consequences of that hypothesis. For anything we know, she may have destroyed her child, and the child in clinging to her may have scratched her hands. What then? You are not trying her for the murder of her 
and death. Therefore, I saw that here was a sort of interregnum in Providence; for its even-handed equity never could have so gross an injustice. And yet still further pondering—while I jerked him now 
"Nay! fear not, you must be egotist, for it is of you that we think." "Then, as he is criminal he is selfish; and as his intellect is small and his action is based on selfishness, he confines himself to one 
lady who had received me, looked at each other in a frightened sort of way. He mumbled out that the money had been sent in a letter, and that was all he knew. When I asked him if he knew Count Dracula, and could 
kens of course, and finding them filled with strangers come on here, where he's been many a time and often.  But where can he have come from first, and how comes he here alone without the other!' 
undutiful little thing, go and lie down. Now, baby darling, come with The baby was the soul of honor, and protested with all its might. It doubled itself up the wrong way over Mrs. Pocket’s arm, exhibited a pair 
moved off and disappeared in the gloom. At the end of half an hour they were wading through the tall grass of the graveyard. It was a graveyard of the old-fashioned Western kind. It was on a hill, 
the Un-Dead sleep at home"--as he spoke he made a comprehensive sweep of his arm to designate what to a vampire was "home"--"their face show what they are, but this so sweet that was when she not Un-Dead she go back to 
know; but it's best to be on the safe side when one deals with you.' 'As you like, my dear, as you like' replied the Jew.  'Is there no help 'None,' said Sikes.  'Cept a centre-bit and a boy.  The first we've 
talk immediately. Tom could not get away from it. Every reference to the murder sent a shudder to his heart, for his troubled conscience and fears almost persuaded him that these remarks were put forth in 
the cotton fields begins, and after the fields the woods. I went around and clumb over the back stile by the ash-hopper, and started for the kitchen.  When I got a little ways I heard the dim hum 
case her daughter did not play for the second part, the Committee would consider the contract broken and would pay nothing. “I haven’t seen any Committee,” said Mrs Kearney angrily. “My 
to nearly all the leviathanic allusions in the great poets of past days, will satisfy you that the Greenland whale, without one rival, was to them the monarch of the seas. But the time has at last come for a new 
carried his head thrown backwards; his shirt, widely opened and turned back, displayed his bull neck, white and bare. He had thick eyelashes, enormous black whiskers, prominent eyes, the lower part of his face 
using her toothpick with profound composure, coughed another grain of cough, and raised her eyebrows by the breadth of another line. The last of the three now said his say, as he put down his empty 
to bar the passage against possible Prussians, to force Mont-Saint-Jean, to turn Wellington back on Hougomont, thence on Braine-l'Alleud, thence on Hal; nothing easier. With the exception of a few incidents this 
Every Christmas Day he presented himself, as a profound novelty, with exactly the same words, and carrying the two bottles like dumb-bells. Every Christmas Day, Mrs. Joe replied, as she now replied, “O, Un--cle 
if there had been, for every moment is precious. We have had only the rest needful for the horses; but we are both bearing it wonderfully. Those adventurous days of ours are turning up useful. We must push on; 
and that little boy, Brittles, I can manage it.  Giles is a faithful fellow and an old servant, I know; but you can make it up to him in a thousand ways, and reward him for being such a good shot besides.  You 
The Bishop felt, without, perhaps, confessing it, that something within him had suffered extinction. Nevertheless, he put a good face on the "The judge speaks in the name of justice; the priest speaks in the name 
the head of his stick into his mouth, with some embarrassment. 'Now, with regard to this here robbery, master,' said Blathers. 'What Mr. Losberne, who appeared desirous of gaining time, recounted them at 
it towards me, offering to lead the way. But I stood irresolute; when looking at a clock in the corner, he exclaimed “I vum it’s Sunday—you won’t see that harpooneer to-night; he’s come to anchor 
were everywhere.  If he shut out the sight, there came the room with every well-known object--some, indeed, that he would have forgotten, if he had gone over its contents from memory--each in its accustomed 
her woes, that Madeleine! And at the very moment when she had insulted him in so hideous a fashion, he had saved her! Had she, then, been mistaken? Must she change her whole soul? She did not know; she 
to your own opinions. But don’t you never find it a little ‘eating?” Here Joe’s hat tumbled off the mantel-piece, and he started out of his chair and picked it up, and fitted it to the same exact spot. As if it 
did not miss even the smallest of the grace notes. To follow the voice, without looking at the singer’s face, was to feel and share the excitement of swift and secure flight. Gabriel applauded loudly with all 
‘Eh!  Yes, I always say so,’ Mrs. Gradgrind cried, with unexpected quickness.  ‘And that reminds me.  I—I want to speak to you, my dear. Sissy, my good girl, leave us alone a minute.’ Louisa had relinquished 
Of course in his pride he was carrying the game too far, and the In a moment Hook was himself again, and Smee and Starkey were his “Now we have him,” Hook shouted. “Into the water, Smee. Starkey, mind 
descent.  Eager to see it accomplished, and yet patient, she waited for the last fall, as for the ripeness and fulness of the harvest of her hopes.  Hushed in expectancy, she kept her wary gaze upon the stairs; and 
ring glasses with ye, would ye but hand the cup! Oh, oh! oh, oh! thou grinning whale, but there’ll be plenty of gulping soon! Why fly ye not, O Ahab! For me, off shoes and jacket to it; let Stubb die in 
upon snug nooks carpeted with grass and jeweled with flowers. They found plenty of things to be delighted with, but nothing to be astonished at. They discovered that the island was about three miles 
which the seat was rested, close to the edge of the cliff. "Read the lies on that thruff-stean," he said. The letters were upside down to me from where I sat, but Lucy was more opposite to them, so she leant over 
Polonceau. There, at the angle of which we have spoken, it descended to such a degree that it consisted of merely a wall. This wall did not abut directly on the street; it formed a deeply retreating niche, concealed 
another; Mr. Jaggers being highly dictatorial, and Wemmick obstinately justifying himself whenever there was the smallest point in abeyance for a moment. I had never seen them on such ill terms; for generally they 
gaiters; when he re-entered the city, he put on his hat and saluted rarely; he stared coldly at the people, and they returned it in kind. When he appeared for the first time in the Saint-Marceau quarter, 
him how Wemmick had heard, in Newgate prison (whether from officers or prisoners I could not say), that he was under some suspicion, and that my chambers had been watched; how Wemmick had recommended his keeping 
alongside; the vessel (in the act of cutting-in) hove over to the monster as if to a quay; and a boat, hurriedly pushing off from this scene of activity, is about giving chase to whales in the distance. The 
“Oh dear me!” cried Mr. Lorry, rubbing his chin, and looking at his “Oh dear me, sir?” repeated Stryver, drawing back. “Oh dear you, sir? “My meaning,” answered the man of business, “is, of course, friendly and 
joyous, and which was illuminated from below by the firelight,--"Come, what is the matter? What is the matter? Are we in any great danger?" Then Madame Magloire began the whole story afresh, exaggerating it a 
common. They supposed a sword-fish had stabbed her, gentlemen. But the captain, having some unusual reason for believing that rare good luck awaited him in those latitudes; and therefore being very averse to quit 
still more alarming to think that it was perhaps alive. He had the courage to plaster his face to the glass, and to watch whether the thing would move. In spite of his remaining thus what seemed 
list, making a similar short pause at each name. There were twenty-three names, but only twenty were responded to; for one of the prisoners so summoned had died in gaol and been forgotten, and two had already been 
a temporary erection used in port. It was of a conical shape, some ten feet high; consisting of the long, huge slabs of limber black bone taken from the middle and highest part of the jaws of the right-whale. 
She was even more dreadfully fond of Estella than she had been when I last saw them together; I repeat the word advisedly, for there was something positively dreadful in the energy of her looks and embraces. 
which was neither expressive nor ornamental. A pot of beer had appeared from the Jolly Bargemen, and they were sharing it by turns in a peaceable manner. The lull had a sedative and philosophical influence on 
'Serve him right!' cried Sikes, struggling to disengage himself from the girl's grasp.  'Stand off from me, or I'll split your head against 'I don't care for that, Bill, I don't care for that,' screamed the 
“All we have to do,” said Mr Cunningham, “is to stand up with lighted candles in our hands and renew our baptismal vows.” “O, don’t forget the candle, Tom,” said Mr M’Coy, “whatever 
thinking of Miss Havisham’s, next Wednesday; and in my sleep I saw the file coming at me out of a door, without seeing who held it, and I At the appointed time I returned to Miss Havisham’s, and my hesitating 
generally the last person to arrive in such cases) at that moment made his way through the crowd, and seized Oliver by the collar. 'It wasn't me indeed, sir.  Indeed, indeed, it was two other boys,' 
“There’s poor Nannie,” said Eliza, looking at her, “she’s wore out. All the work we had, she and me, getting in the woman to wash him and then laying him out and then the coffin and then arranging about 
When he had arrived at this stage of succor which he was administering The abruptness of the movements of the man who was manipulating him, the freshness of the night, the air which he could inhale freely, had roused 
‘Ah—h!’  Mrs. Sparsit repeated the ejaculation, the shake of the head over her tea-cup, and the long gulp, as taking up the conversation again ‘An individual, ma’am,’ said Bitzer, ‘has never been what he ought to 
The tableau all waned at last with the pallidness aloft; and once more the Pequod and every soul on her decks were wrapped in a pall. A moment or two passed, when Starbuck, going forward, pushed against some one. It 
of men, and Quincey on the other, were forcing a way to the cart; it was evident that they were bent on finishing their task before the sun should set. Nothing seemed to stop or even to hinder them. Neither the 
Here, Mr. Brownlow coughed impatiently; which appeared to afford Mr. 'He may have worse, I say,' repeated Mr. Grimwig.  'Where does he come from!  Who is he?  What is he?  He has had a fever.  What of that? 
disks and stars; ecliptics, horns-of-plenty, and rich banners waving, are in luxuriant profusion stamped; so that the precious gold seems almost to derive an added preciousness and enhancing glories, by passing 
“Oh, I don’t know.  But he’s got to have it.  All the nobility does.” That was just his way.  If it didn’t suit him to explain a thing to you, he wouldn’t do it.  You might pump at him a week, it wouldn’t make no 
feet deep in the flesh; and in that subterraneous manner, without so much as getting one single peep into the ever-contracting gash thus made, he must skilfully steer clear of all adjacent, interdicted parts, 
saw his hand stretch out; but it was life to me to feel its touch--so strong, so self-reliant, so resolute. A brave man's hand can speak for itself; it does not even need a woman's love to hear its music. 
touched the damper of the stove, and it has made it smoke." M. Madeleine listened to her with profound attention. While she was speaking, he fumbled in his waistcoat, drew out his purse and opened 
"He must be able to set out again on the next day if necessary." M. Madeleine drew from his pocket the paper on which he had pencilled some figures. He showed it to the Fleming. The figures were 5, 6, 8½. 
followed by them, open-mouthed to the chase; and this the critical third day?—For when three days flow together in one continuous intense pursuit; be sure the first is the morning, the second the noon, and the 
by the mirth. He felt that all eyes were fastened upon him; he imagined he was succeeding, and yet the tittering continued; it even manifestly increased. And well it might. There was a garret above, pierced with 
space; and then, raising his head, and heaving a gentle sign, said, 'Ah!' said Master Charles Bates; 'he don't know what's good for him.' The Dodger sighed again, and resumed his pipe: as did Charley Bates. 
subject, they exchanged a few short whispers with Fagin; and withdrew. After some words apart between the last comer and Fagin, they drew their chairs towards the fire; and the Jew, telling Oliver to come and 
flashings; but darkly feel that I wear that, that dazzlingly confounds. ‘Tis iron—that I know—not gold. ‘Tis split, too—that I feel; the jagged edge galls me so, my brain seems to beat against the solid 
Customers entered, and the group was broken up. The English customer paid for what he had had, perplexedly counted his change, and asked, as a stranger, to be directed towards the National Palace. Madame Defarge 
“I have a cousin, an only relative and an orphan, like myself, whom I love very dearly. She is five years younger than I, and she lives in a farmer’s house in the south country. Poverty parted us, and she knows 
those persons who knew Monseigneur Welcome would have thought himself authorized to think anything of the sort. That which enlightened this man was his heart. His wisdom was made of the light which comes from 
streets. They passed the bakeshop, but Cosette did not think of the bread which she had been ordered to fetch. The man had ceased to ply her with questions, and now preserved a gloomy silence. 
What I wanted, who can say? How can I say, when I never knew? What I dreaded was, that in some unlucky hour I, being at my grimiest and commonest, should lift up my eyes and see Estella looking in at one 
“I am sure of it. Charles Darnay, mysteries arise out of close love, as well as out of wide division; in the former case, they are subtle and delicate, and difficult to penetrate. My daughter Lucie is, in this one 
that the dying light was suited to my last view of it. By the wilderness of casks that I had walked on long ago, and on which the rain of years had fallen since, rotting them in many places, and 
And still Madame Defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came “If we ever get back to our native land,” said Miss Pross, “you may rely upon my telling Mrs. Cruncher as much as I may be able to remember and 
his recent acquisition, to fly the country--I guessed too well he would not fly alone--and never see it more.  Even from me, his old and early friend, whose strong attachment had taken root in the earth that 
old lodgings it was understood that he was summoned to Dover, and, in fact, he was taken down the Dover road and cornered out of it. Now, another great advantage of all this is, that it was done without you, 
Jane’s pupils should see him under the influence; and when he was like that it was sometimes very hard to manage him. Freddy Malins always came late but they wondered what could be keeping Gabriel: and that was what 
'The end of a year found him contracted, solemnly contracted, to that daughter; the object of the first, true, ardent, only passion of a 'Your tale is of the longest,' observed Monks, moving restlessly in his 
At the moment when the cart moved off, he admitted that he had felt, a moment previously, a certain joy in the thought that he should not go whither he was now proceeding. He examined this joy with a sort of 
John continued to sleep so placidly on the floor that she allowed him to remain there. “And I know you meant to be kind,” she said, relenting, For the moment she had forgotten his ignorance about kisses. “I thought 
on, or lying down chewing the cud of nothing particularly repaying their trouble, which they had picked up in their interrupted saunter. Some of the people of the chateau, and some of those of the posting-house, and 
heat, and trickled down into four rugged wells of flame. Great rents and splits branched out in the solid walls, like crystallisation; stupefied birds wheeled about and dropped into the furnace; four fierce figures 
for such a number of combatants. Napoleon three-quarters of a league; Wellington, half a league; seventy-two thousand combatants on each side. The following calculation has been made, and the following proportion 
thought (as I still do) the amount of Too rul somewhat in excess of the poetry. In my hunger for information, I made proposals to Mr. Wopsle to bestow some intellectual crumbs upon me, with which he kindly complied. 
the excited headsman; as at every dart, hauling in upon his crooked lance (by the line attached to it), Stubb straightened it again and again, by a few rapid blows against the gunwale, then again and again 
it, and his shroud on.  I tucked the money-bag in under the lid, just down beyond where his hands was crossed, which made me creep, they was so cold, and then I run back across the room and in behind the door. 
follow him. But the man plunged into the deserted little streets of the faubourg, and as twilight was beginning to fall, the agent lost trace of him, as is stated in a report addressed that same evening to M. le Comte 
amazement as we saw, when he stood back, the woman, with a corporeal body as real at that moment as our own, pass in through the interstice where scarce a knife-blade could have gone. We all felt a glad sense of 
tombstone, trembling while he ate the bread ravenously. “You young dog,” said the man, licking his lips, “what fat cheeks you I believe they were fat, though I was at that time undersized for my 
Well, one day we lowered for a pod of four or five whales, and my boat fastened to one of them; a regular circus horse he was, too, that went milling and milling round so, that my boat’s crew could only trim 
complain of you? May I ask you why you haven’t made a copy of that contract between Bodley and Kirwan? I told you it must be ready by four “Mr Shelley said, sir.... Kindly attend to what I say and not to 
without the aid of some sort of external arts and entrenchments, always, in themselves, more or less paltry and base. This it is, that for ever keeps God’s true princes of the Empire from the world’s hustings; 
have another good card here, not yet enumerated. That friend and fellow-Sheep, who spoke of himself as pasturing in the country prisons; “French. You don’t know him,” said the spy, quickly. 
speed that, in the words of one old salt, "she must fetch up somewhere, if it was only in hell." Then came another rush of sea-fog, greater than any hitherto--a mass of dank mist, which seemed to close on all things 
faces--good friendly faces. Git up on one anothers backs and let me touch em. Thats it. Shake hands--yournll come through the bars, but mines too big. Little hands, and weak--but theyve helped Muff Potter a 
much trouble and expense had been incurred in his recovery. Mr. Fagin laid great stress on the fact of his having taken Oliver in, and cherished him, when, without his timely aid, he might have perished 
of 27 closed on Mr. and Mrs. Darling there was a commotion in the firmament, and the smallest of all the stars in the Milky Way screamed For a moment after Mr. and Mrs. Darling left the house the night-lights 
theft. I don't know his name exactly. There's a bandit's phiz for you! I'd send him to the galleys on the strength of his face alone." "Is there any way of getting into the court-room, sir?" said he. 
proceed to add was Joe’s. It was not because I was faithful, but because Joe was faithful, that I never ran away and went for a soldier or a sailor. It was not because I had a strong sense of the virtue of 
'Toby,' said the boy falling back, as Sikes turned his eyes towards There had been something so tremendous in the shrinking off of the three, that the wretched man was willing to propitiate even this lad. 
from internal spasms.  Mr. Bumble rushed to the closet; and, snatching a pint green-glass bottle from the shelf thus incoherently indicated, filled a tea-cup with its contents, and held it to the lady's lips. 
pursued Biddy, with a smile, as she raised her eyes to my face, “the new schools are not like the old, but I learnt a good deal from you after that time, and have had time since then to improve.” 
of paper, and if she confused him with suggestions he had to begin at “I have one pound seventeen here, and two and six at the office; I can cut off my coffee at the office, say ten shillings, making two nine 
with you there, and they’ll thuppothe you one of my people.  Thay farewell to your family, and tharp’th the word.’  With which he ‘Here is your letter,’ said Mr. Gradgrind.  ‘All necessary means will be 
concluded; and when, accordingly, Queequeg and a forecastle seaman came on deck, no small excitement was created among the sharks; for immediately suspending the cutting stages over the side, and lowering 
dislike, look anxiously round, as if he contemplated running away himself:  which it is very possible he might have attempted to do, and thus have afforded another chase, had not a police officer (who is 
the moment they encountered the boy's face.  'Oh!  For no harm.' 'I don't believe it,' said Oliver:  who had watched her closely. 'Have it your own way,' rejoined the girl, affecting to laugh. 'For no 
“Miss Manette, I am a man of business. I have a business charge to acquit myself of. In your reception of it, don’t heed me any more than if I was a speaking machine--truly, I am not much else. I will, with 
slept, and both Van Helsing and I noticed the difference in her, between sleeping and waking. Whilst asleep she looked stronger, although more haggard, and her breathing was softer; her open mouth showed the pale 
your one lost leg; only tread upon me, sir; I ask no more, so I remain a “Oh! spite of million villains, this makes me a bigot in the fadeless fidelity of man!—and a black! and crazy!—but methinks 
starting from the dull office window whence she had watched him last. It was the conception of an inspired moment, and she shot off with her utmost swiftness to work it out.  The station for the country house was 
begun to sass back, and the minute they was fairly at it I lit out and shook the reefs out of my hind legs, and spun down the river road like a deer, for I see our chance; and I made up my mind that it would be a 
crowd to be carried as the Goddess of Liberty, and then swelling and overflowing out into the adjacent streets, and along the river’s bank, and over the bridge, the Carmagnole absorbed them every one and whirled 
his simplicity, they vaguely felt that he was acting as a bishop; then they were nothing more than two shadows in the house. They served him passively; and if obedience consisted in disappearing, they disappeared. 
had always made this boy come out and spread himself. Only the older pupils managed to keep their tickets and stick to their tedious work long enough to get a Bible, and so the delivery of one of these prizes 
with his owner, and labouring, perhaps, at this moment, under a powerful sense of injury, made no more ado but at once fixed his teeth in one of the half-boots.  Having given in a hearty shake, he retired, 
I wish Id said Mister Williams. But I never meant any harm. Everybody A body cant be too particlar how they talk bout these-yer dead What is it, Tom? And the two clung together with beating hearts. 
Estella, with a slight wave of her hand, signifying in the fighting The air of completeness and superiority with which she walked at my side, and the air of youthfulness and submission with which I walked at 
the night. Later on we can sleep, you and I. I shall be back as soon as "We shall see!" he answered, as he hurried out. He came back a moment later and put his head inside the door and said with warning finger held 
prouder and happier in their new acquirement than they would have been in the scalping and skinning of the Six Nations. We will leave them to smoke and chatter and brag, since we have no further use for them at 
address a salesman of small stature, who had squeezed as much of his person into a child's chair as the chair would hold, and was smoking a 'Why, the sight of you, Mr. Fagin, would cure the hoptalmy!' said this 
the bone of my skull—that is all wrinkles! But, away with child’s play; no more gaffs and pikes to-day. Look ye here!” jingling the leathern bag, as if it were full of gold coins. “I, too, want a 
some large quartos, with a good deal of gilding about the binding. 'Not always those,' said the old gentleman, patting Oliver on the head, and smiling as he did so; 'there are other equally heavy ones, though 
this—the first lives aft, the last forward. Hence, in whale-ships and merchantmen alike, the mates have their quarters with the captain; and so, too, in most of the American whalers the harpooneers are lodged in 
and the line is running, hence that weapon must, at all events, be anticipatingly tossed out of the boat, somehow and somewhere; else the most terrible jeopardy would involve all hands. Tumbled into the water, 
only add to her trouble. Don’t speak of me to her. As I said to you when I first came, I had better not see her. I can put my hand out, to do any little helpful work for her that my hand can find to do, without that. 
As the rider rattled down the hill again and through the street, the village was illuminating. The mender of roads, and the two hundred and fifty particular friends, inspired as one man and woman by the idea of 
at full speed, we got the two bags ready, and took that opportunity of saying good-bye to Herbert and Startop. We had all shaken hands cordially, and neither Herbert’s eyes nor mine were quite dry, when I 
they were utterly undone, when it was hinted that perhaps they need not always make quite so much smoke.  Besides Mr. Bounderby’s gold spoon which was generally received in Coketown, another prevalent fiction was 
while under the influence of a blind and irresponsible delirium produced by drink. We have changed our mind. We shall not offer that plea. [Then A puzzled amazement awoke in every face in the house, not even excepting 
monster’s mouth, be it beast, boat, or stone, down it goes all incontinently that foul great swallow of his, and perisheth in the bottomless gulf of his paunch.” —Holland’s Plutarch’s Morals. 
cough did not leave her, and she had sweats on her back. One day she received from the Thénardiers a letter couched in the following terms: "Cosette is ill with a malady which is going the rounds 
tens and hundreds of thousands of those who have gone upon the waters; though but a moment’s consideration will teach, that however baby man may brag of his science and skill, and however much, in a flattering 
‘It’s a pun!’ the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed, ‘Let the jury consider their verdict,’ the King said, for about the ‘No, no!’ said the Queen. ‘Sentence first--verdict afterwards.’ 
"Why! it is perfectly simple," replied Thénardier, "if that amuses him! It amuses you to have the little one work; it amuses him to have her play. He's all right. A traveller can do what he pleases when he pays 
smoky mountain mist, which, thrown off from the whale’s spout, curled round his great, Monadnock hump; he was even thus close to him; when, with body arched back, and both arms lengthwise high-lifted to the 
Tom felt that it was time to wake up; this sort of life might be romantic enough, in his blighted condition, but it was getting to have too little sentiment and too much distracting variety about it. So he 
time for that. An old, old sight, and yet somehow so young; aye, and not changed a wink since I first saw it, a boy, from the sand-hills of Nantucket! The same!—the same!—the same to Noah as to me. There’s 
condemnation, which had been a profound shock, had, in a manner, broken through, here and there, that wall which separates us from the mystery of things, and which we call life. He gazed incessantly beyond this 
Say--Im going in a-swimming, I am. Dont you wish you could? But of course youd druther _work_--wouldnt you? Course you would! Tom resumed his whitewashing, and answered carelessly: 
the lamps of a stage-coach that was standing in the street, was walking past, when he recognised the mail from London, and saw that it was standing at the little post-office.  He almost knew what was to come; 
breathing. There ensued a most terrible silence; then, all at once, a long file of uplifted arms, brandishing sabres, appeared above the crest, and casques, trumpets, and standards, and three thousand heads 
to the celebrated provincial amateur of Roscian renown. “And bless my heart,” I involuntarily added aloud, “it’s to-night!” This changed the subject in an instant, and made us hurriedly resolve 
intent on further effort, and occupied myself binding up my wrist, keeping a wary eye on the prostrate figure all the time. When the attendants rushed in, and we turned our attention to him, his employment 
upon his iron hand and one of scorn upon the other. Then again he “Peter flung my arm,” he said, wincing, “to a crocodile that happened to “I have often,” said Smee, “noticed your strange dread of crocodiles.” 
five and twenty leagues. It was said of him in the town, _"That is the The man bent his steps towards this inn, which was the best in the country-side. He entered the kitchen, which opened on a level with the 
“A codfish!” Hook echoed blankly, and it was then, but not till then, that his proud spirit broke. He saw his men draw back from him. “Have we been captained all this time by a codfish!” they muttered. “It 
that a long time ago, before the old Jew was born, it had belonged to better people, and had perhaps been quite gay and handsome:  dismal and Spiders had built their webs in the angles of the walls and ceilings; 
again in gossip. Gradually, these strings of ragged people shortened and frayed away; and then poor lights began to shine in high windows, and slender fires were made in the streets, at which neighbours cooked in 
hearth at my feet for reference, I contrived in an hour or two to print “MI DEER JO i OPE U R KRWITE WELL i OPE i SHAL SON B HABELL 4 2 TEEDGE U JO AN THEN WE SHORL B SO GLODD AN WEN i M PRENGTD 2 U JO WOT LARX AN 
her.  ‘Louisa, I have a misgiving that some change may have been slowly working about me in this house, by mere love and gratitude: that what the Head had left undone and could not do, the Heart may have been doing 
seeing no one but that child who helps me. Your name has reached me in a confused manner, it is true, and very badly pronounced, I must admit; but that signifies nothing: clever men have so many ways of imposing on 
village sleeps; all the village dreams of that unhappy one, within the locks and bars of the prison on the crag, and never to come out of it, except to perish. In the morning, with my tools upon my shoulder, eating 
an’ wheer we live, an’ in what numbers, an’ by what chances, and wi’ what sameness; and look how the mills is awlus a goin, and how they never works us no nigher to ony dis’ant object—ceptin awlus, Death.  Look how 
left him dancing on the pavement as if it were red hot. Without further interruption, we reached the front office, where we found the clerk and “Here’s Mike,” said the clerk, getting down from his stool, and 
mean to say--” Here, to his great amazement, he was stopped by Joe’s suddenly working round him with every demonstration of a fell pugilistic “Which I meantersay,” cried Joe, “that if you come into my place 
made, the clergyman had not arrived; and the clerk, who was sitting by the vestry-room fire, seemed to think it by no means improbable that it might be an hour or so, before he came.  So, they put the bier on the 
in his rear. The first two or three times that he turned round he saw nothing; the silence was profound, and he continued his march somewhat reassured. All at once, on turning round, he thought he perceived in the 
‘Thank you, ma’am,’ said Bitzer, knuckling his forehead again, in return for the favour of Mrs. Sparsit’s improving conversation.  ‘Would you wish a little more hot water, ma’am, or is there anything else that I could 
You mustn’t go a overdoing on it, but you must have your supper and your wine and water, and you must be put betwixt the sheets.” The delicacy with which Joe dismissed this theme, and the sweet tact and 
tumultuous way, and Ahab’s also, as he went lurching along the deck. “I have sat before the dense coal fire and watched it all aglow, full of its tormented flaming life; and I have seen it wane at last, down, 
“I’ve done considerble in the doctoring way in my time.  Layin’ on o’ hands is my best holt--for cancer and paralysis, and sich things; and I k’n tell a fortune pretty good when I’ve got somebody along to find out 
adventure of all was that they were several hours late for bed. This so inflated them that they did various dodgy things to get staying up still longer, such as demanding bandages; but Wendy, though glorying in having 
swarming round the dead leviathan, smackingly feasted on its fatness. The few sleepers below in their bunks were often startled by the sharp slapping of their tails against the hull, within a few inches of the 
loosely on his feeble body; and his young limbs had wasted away, like Such was the little being who stood trembling beneath Mr. Bumble's glance; not daring to lift his eyes from the floor; and dreading even 
replying, ‘How, matter?  What matter, my dear?’ ‘Mr. Bounderby,’ she went on in a steady, straight way, without regarding this, ‘asks me to marry him.  The question I have to ask myself is, shall 
in this manner. I am as rickety as a hackney-coach, I’m as sleepy as laudanum, my lines is strained to that degree that I shouldn’t know, if it wasn’t for the pain in ‘em, which was me and which somebody else, yet 
prophecy, as they could easily see now!)--and each speaker pointed out the exact spot where the lost lads stood at the time, and then added something like and I was a-standing just so--just as I am now, and as if 
muttered, “Best cooked ‘teak I eber taste; joosy, berry joosy.” “Cook,” said Stubb, squaring himself once more; “do you belong to “Passed one once in Cape-Down,” said the old man sullenly. 
happen to myself. But real adventures, I reflected, do not happen to people who remain at home: they must be sought abroad. The summer holidays were near at hand when I made up my mind to break 
the eddy to strike, lest that should be the signal for the instant destruction of the jeopardized castaways, Ahab and all; nor in that case could they themselves hope to escape. With straining eyes, then, they 
It happened on the occasion of this visit that some sharp words arose between Estella and Miss Havisham. It was the first time I had ever seen We were seated by the fire, as just now described, and Miss Havisham 
with these deliberations, I would fancy an exact resemblance to Joe in some man coming along the road towards us, and my heart would beat We changed again, and yet again, and it was now too late and too far to 
'Surely,' said Rose, 'the poor child's story, faithfully repeated to 'I doubt it, my dear young lady,' said the doctor, shaking his head. 'I don't think it would exonerate him, either with them, or with legal 
after Mr. Lorry could not have seen, for his life, to read or write. When he put his tools aside as useless, until morning, Mr. Lorry rose He looked down at the floor on either side of him in the old manner, 
cut round the hole, the hook is inserted, and the main body of the crew striking up a wild chorus, now commence heaving in one dense crowd at the windlass. When instantly, the entire ship careens over on her side; 
He gave orders to Milhaud's cuirassiers to carry the table-land of There were three thousand five hundred of them. They formed a front a quarter of a league in extent. They were giant men, on colossal horses. 
during his illness, with thinking of all that Mr. Brownlow and Mrs. Bedwin would say to him: and what delight it would be to tell them how many long days and nights he had passed in reflecting on what they had 
acquaintance cheap at fifteen sixpences an interview, and that he didn't value his losses the snap of his little finger. 'Wot a rum chap you are, Tom!' said Master Bates, highly amused by this 
began to be heard often on people’s lips. People said that she was very clever at music and a very nice girl and, moreover, that she was a believer in the language movement. Mrs Kearney was well content at this. 
“I would not keep it,” said Mr. Lorry, shaking his head; for he gained in firmness as he saw the Doctor disquieted. “I would recommend him to sacrifice it. I only want your authority. I am sure it does no good. 
sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on 
and his snuff-box in his hand, slowly passed among the mirrors on his “I devote you,” said this person, stopping at the last door on his way, and turning in the direction of the sanctuary, “to the Devil!” 
bout this and they didnt hang him. Now, look-a-here, Tom, less take and swear to one another--thats what we got to do--swear to keep mum. Im agreed. Its the best thing. Would you just hold hands and swear 
SHOWING HOW VERY FOND OF OLIVER TWIST, THE MERRY OLD JEW AND MISS NANCY In the obscure parlour of a low public-house, in the filthiest part of Little Saffron Hill; a dark and gloomy den, where a flaring gas-light 
I kneeled down.  But the words wouldn’t come.  Why wouldn’t they?  It warn’t no use to try and hide it from Him.  Nor from _me_, neither.  I knowed very well why they wouldn’t come.  It was because my heart warn’t 
"You must pay on the spot," said the Thénardier, in her curt and "I will buy that pair of stockings," replied the man, "and," he added, drawing a five-franc piece from his pocket, and laying it on the table, 
He had contemplated a good part of the performance before he contributed When school broke up at noon, Tom flew to Becky Thatcher, and whispered Put on your bonnet and let on youre going home; and when you get to 
will do very well; but how like all creation it smells!” Now in order to hold direct communication with the people on deck, he had to pull round the bows to the starboard side, and thus come close to 
‘At least, what?’ said Louisa, with her searching eyes upon her. ‘I thought it best myself that I should be sent away, for I felt very uncertain whether you would like to find me here.’ 
voyager (I honour him for a veteran), but in so important a matter it was certainly an oversight not to have procured for every crystal a sworn affidavit taken before a Greenland Justice of the Peace. 
and loved him still, and that he would one day be sorry to have left her so, and glad to think of these her last words, far away: when some one ran against them.  Mr. Gradgrind and Sissy, who were both before him 
bosom, that lady assumed an unnatural fortitude of manner which I supposed to be expressive of an intention to drop and choke when out of view, and kissing her hand to Miss Havisham, was escorted forth. Sarah 
handing it to me, pointed to the iron bars which guarded the window. I attacked them at once and had very soon cut through three of them. Then with a long, thin knife we pushed back the fastening of the sashes and 
Cannot leave. Father still in same condition. Send me word how Lucy is. "I think I came just in the nick of time. You know you have only to tell Van Helsing strode forward, and took his hand, looking him straight in 
was to divert him from it, and to make him believe, if only momentarily, that he was a person like any other, by treating him just in his ordinary way. Is not this indeed, to understand charity well? Is there 
never in my life,’ he thought, ‘saw anything so remarkable and so captivating as the lighting of those features!’  His face betrayed his thoughts—perhaps without betraying him, for it might have been according 
a dreadful fate, and now there was nothing she and her braves would not do for him. All night they sat above, keeping watch over the home under the ground and awaiting the big attack by the pirates which obviously 
he had the thinnest kind of lips, and the thinnest kind of nostrils, and a high nose, and heavy eyebrows, and the blackest kind of eyes, sunk so deep back that they seemed like they was looking out of caverns at 
dinner ready at the hotel, I asked a fellow whom I met; one of the working people; who appeared to have been taking a shower-bath of something fluffy, which I assume to be the raw material—’ 
went back to Barnard’s Inn and got my little portmanteau, and then took coach for Hammersmith. We arrived there at two or three o’clock in the afternoon, and had very little way to walk to Mr. Pocket’s house. 
lingering, methodic tones, attuned to the gradual prolongings of the whale’s visible jets. “He’s going to sound! In stunsails! Down top-gallant-sails! Stand by three boats. Mr. Starbuck, remember, stay 
The pirates disappeared among the trees, and in a moment their Captain and Smee were alone. Hook heaved a heavy sigh, and I know not why it was, perhaps it was because of the soft beauty of the evening, but there 
churchyard. Lucy is ever so much better. Last night she slept well all night, and did not disturb me once. The roses seem coming back already to her cheeks, though she is still sadly pale and wan-looking. If she 
the sunshine that he carry with him to my cheek. Oh, friend John, it is a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and troubles; and yet when King Laugh come he make them all dance to the 
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the 
effect of it, when on, to nothing but the probable effect of rouge upon the dead; so awful was the manner in which everything in him that it was most desirable to repress, started through that thin layer of pretence, 
I doubt if a ghost could have been more terrible to me, up in those lonely rooms in the long evenings and long nights, with the wind and the rain always rushing by. A ghost could not have been taken and hanged on 
hard for us to do—remember that—and hence, he oftener commands us than endeavors to persuade. And if we obey God, we must disobey ourselves; and it is in this disobeying ourselves, wherein the hardness 
any pride out of yourself?  Would you go and be dependent on your 'Oh, blow that!' said Master Bates: drawing two or three silk handkerchiefs from his pocket, and tossing them into a cupboard, 
guttural responses satisfied me at once that he but ill comprehended my “Who-e debel you?”—he at last said—“you no speak-e, dam-me, I kill-e.” And so saying the lighted tomahawk began flourishing about me 
the tossed ship they cling to. A vile wind that has no doubt blown ere this through prison corridors and cells, and wards of hospitals, and ventilated them, and now comes blowing hither as innocent as fleeces. 
make steaming, even in the dark, easy enough. Lord Godalming tells me to sleep for a while, as it is enough for the present for one to be on watch. But I cannot sleep--how can I with the terrible danger hanging 
late and would start as near the correct time as possible. The impression I had was that we were leaving the West and entering the East; the most western of splendid bridges over the Danube, which is 
then, the madness, the frenzy, the boiling blood and the smoking brow, with which, for a thousand lowerings old Ahab has furiously, foamingly chased his prey—more a demon than a man!—aye, aye! what a forty 
for he had a troublesome superabundance of that sort of time which is No, indeed it aint. Its hid in mighty particular places, Huck--sometimes on islands, sometimes in rotten chests under the end of 
latter state by an uneasy dream of being stirred up with a boot, and also of a voice saying: ‘Come, it’s late.  Be off!’ ‘Well!’ he said, scrambling from the sofa.  ‘I must take my leave of you 
Pumblechook’s, and, as I approached that gentleman’s place of business, He was waiting for me with great impatience. He had been out early with the chaise-cart, and had called at the forge and heard the news. He had 
that—you must, oh, you must, and you shall do this thing.” “His son!” cried Stubb, “oh, it’s his son he’s lost! I take back the coat and watch—what says Ahab? We must save that boy.” 
Noah. 'He tried to murder me, sir; and then he tried to murder Charlotte; and then missis.  Oh! what dreadful pain it is! Such agony, please, sir!'  And here, Noah writhed and twisted his body 
equal justice betwixt man and man, my father were that good in his hart, “Well!” Joe pursued, “somebody must keep the pot a biling, Pip, or the “‘Consequence, my father didn’t make objections to my going to work; so 
punches with. She resurrected nothing but the cat. She went to the open door and stood in it and looked out among the tomato vines and jimpson weeds that constituted the garden. No Tom. So 
directions of which were written in purple ink, and a little sheaf of papers held together by a brass pin. In these sheets a sentence was inscribed from time to time and, in an ironical moment, the headline of 
we decided not to take any active step before breakfast time. For a good while we sat and smoked, discussing the matter in its various lights and bearings; I took the opportunity of bringing this diary right up to the 
ascended the steps, and Lord Godalming pointed out what he wanted done. The workman took off his coat leisurely and hung it on one of the spikes of the rail, saying something to a policeman who just then sauntered 
sleep induced by such a vacant sea. For this part of the Indian Ocean through which we then were voyaging is not what whalemen call a lively ground; that is, it affords fewer glimpses of porpoises, dolphins, 
They looked at one another, as he used his blue cap to wipe his face, on which the perspiration had started afresh while he recalled the “It is frightful, messieurs. How can the women and the children draw 
“Why of course he is not the right sort of man, Pip,” said my guardian, comfortably satisfied beforehand on the general head, “because the man who fills the post of trust never is the right sort of man.” It seemed 
sticking-plasters at all, those black squares on his cheeks. They were stains of some sort or other. At first I knew not what to make of this; but soon an inkling of the truth occurred to me. I remembered a story 
holiday; no children were there, and Biddy’s house was closed. Some hopeful notion of seeing her, busily engaged in her daily duties, before But the forge was a very short distance off, and I went towards it under 
gentleman round the waist, that he might present an equal and safe resistance. By dint of this ingenious scheme, his gloves were got on to The clerk and clergyman then appearing, we were ranged in order at 
“Did she?” said Mr. Jaggers, bending forward to look at his boots and then straightening himself. “Hah! I don’t think I should have done so, if I had been Miss Havisham. But she ought to know her own business 
After putting his horse at Coketown through the storm, as if it were a leap, he waited up all night: from time to time ringing his bell with the greatest fury, charging the porter who kept watch with delinquency in 
“The rest, eh, Pip?” said Joe, looking at it with a slow, searching eye, “One, two, three. Why, here’s three Js, and three Os, and three J-O, I leaned over Joe, and, with the aid of my forefinger read him the whole 
their blood, like his, had all gone down again; some speculation ensued upon the cause of this sudden change in their temperament. 'I know what it was,' said Mr. Giles; 'it was the gate.' 
back.  He had never thought of going away, when he sent me for it.  I ‘Tho be it, my dear.  (You thee how it ith, Thquire!)  Farewell, Thethilia!  My latht wordth to you ith thith, Thtick to the termth of 
at the time; but when she went away I began to think, and it made me mad to know that He had been taking the life out of her." I could feel that the rest quivered, as I did, but we remained otherwise still. "So when 
‘A Jothkin—a Carter.  Make up your mind quick, Thquire.  There’ll be beer to feth.  I’ve never met with nothing but beer ath’ll ever clean a comic Mr. Gradgrind rapidly assented; Mr. Sleary rapidly turned out from a box, 
He described it as if he were there, and it was evident that he saw it vividly; perhaps he had not seen much in his life. “I do not show the soldiers that I recognise the tall man; he does not 
‘There!  Get out, get out!’ said Mr. Childers, thrusting his young friend from the room, rather in the prairie manner.  ‘Tight-Jeff or Slack-Jeff, it don’t much signify: it’s only tight-rope and slack-rope.  You were 
'Rose wished to see the man,' said Mrs. Maylie, 'but I wouldn't hear of 'Humph!' rejoined the doctor.  'There is nothing very alarming in his appearance.  Have you any objection to see him in my presence?' 
over the parapet the better to conceal his figure, he suffered her to pass on the opposite pavement. When she was about the same distance in advance as she had been before, he slipped quietly down, and followed 
might look about him if he wanted, once again led him onward on his They turned round to the left, a short way past the public-house; and then, taking a right-hand road, walked on for a long time: passing many 
middle of the room was occupied by two square tables placed end to end, and on these Aunt Julia and the caretaker were straightening and smoothing a large cloth. On the sideboard were arrayed dishes and 
There were only a couple of women in the dock, who were nodding to their admiring friends, while the clerk read some depositions to a couple of policemen and a man in plain clothes who leant over the 
prepossessing.  Notwithstanding the difference between youth and age, he bore so strong a likeness to the old lady, that Oliver would have had no great difficulty in imagining their relationship, if he had not 
“I don’t want dozens of people who are not at all worthy of Ladybird, to It was characteristic of this lady (as of some other people before her time and since) that whenever her original proposition was questioned, 
fortnightly reception in his grand hotel in Paris. Monseigneur was in his inner room, his sanctuary of sanctuaries, the Holiest of Holiests to the crowd of worshippers in the suite of rooms without. Monseigneur 
The houses have no owners; they are broken open, and entered upon by those who have the courage; and there they live, and there they die. They must have powerful motives for a secret residence, or be reduced 
spoke, as much as to express that he knew all kinds of things to my disparagement, if he only chose to mention them. “We come next, to mere details of arrangement. You must know that, although I have used 
“There’s a sight! There’s a sound! The grey-headed woodpecker tapping the hollow tree! Blind and dumb might well be envied now. See! that thing rests on two line-tubs, full of tow-lines. A most malicious 
So Tom unwound the thread from one of his needles, and each boy pricked the ball of his thumb and squeezed out a drop of blood. In time, after many squeezes, Tom managed to sign his initials, using the ball of his 
the trees spangled with the fallen petals. In and out amongst these green hills of what they call here the "Mittel Land" ran the road, losing itself as it swept round the grassy curve, or was shut out by the 
Mr. Gradgrind was for ever working, in print and out of print, at this eccentric sum, and he never could make out how it yielded this ‘I am sick of my life, Loo.  I, hate it altogether, and I hate everybody 
even at this moment if it were best. Nay, were it safe! But my child----" For a moment he seemed choked, and a great sob rose in his "There are here some who would stand between you and death. You must not 
to hint that she would have considered it reasonably purchased at the price of her death. After that, he drank all the rest of the sherry, and Mr. Hubble drank the port, and the two talked (which I have since 
inducements to recoil while there was yet time; but she had stipulated that her secret should be rigidly kept, she had dropped no clue which could lead to his discovery, she had refused, even for his sake, a 
from terror or courage, Cosette had not breathed a sound, though her Jean Valjean found himself in a sort of garden which was very vast and of singular aspect; one of those melancholy gardens which seem made to 
seeing her open the door, and I heard her walking there, and so across into her own room, and so across again into that, never ceasing the low cry. After a time, I tried in the dark both to get out, and to go back, 
relations, though we continued on the best terms. Notwithstanding my inability to settle to anything,--which I hope arose out of the restless and incomplete tenure on which I held my means,--I had a taste for 
and I warn you that you do not thwart me. Take care, for the sake of others if not for your own." Then seeing poor Lucy scared, as she might well be, he went on more gently: "Oh, little miss, my dear, do not fear 
lover; it's more unselfish anyhow. My dear, I'm going to have a pretty lonely walk between this and Kingdom Come. Won't you give me one kiss? It'll be something to keep off the darkness now and then. You can, you 
Quincey was the first to rise after the pause. He knelt down before her "I'm only a rough fellow, who hasn't, perhaps, lived as a man should to win such a distinction, but I swear to you by all that I hold sacred and 
In the short time he had had to collect his senses, the boy had firmly resolved that, whether he died in the attempt or not, he would make one effort to dart upstairs from the hall, and alarm the family.  Filled 
He turned his eyes to the grey gleaming river, winding along towards Dublin. Beyond the river he saw a goods train winding out of Kingsbridge Station, like a worm with a fiery head winding through the darkness, 
"Even when Loyson steals, one feels that he has paws." As Cardinal Fesch refused to resign, M. de Pins, Archbishop of Amasie, administered the diocese of Lyons. The quarrel over the valley of Dappes 
boat we can put _all_ of ‘em in a bad fix--for the sheriff ‘ll get ‘em. Quick--hurry!  I’ll hunt the labboard side, you hunt the stabboard. You “Oh, my lordy, lordy!  _raf’_?  Dey ain’ no raf’ no mo’; she done broke 
compared with which Burdon-Sanderson's physiology or Ferrier's brain-knowledge would be as nothing. If only there were a sufficient cause! I must not think too much of this, or I may be tempted; a good 
worse by and by. I moved the table, like a Medium of the present day, by “Tar!” cried my sister, in amazement. “Why, how ever could Tar come But, Uncle Pumblechook, who was omnipotent in that kitchen, wouldn’t 
sorts of knowing winks in all sorts of directions, and kicking off his shoes, he strikes into a sharp but noiseless squall of a hornpipe right over the Grand Turk’s head; and then, by a dexterous sleight, pitching 
Madame Thénardier approached _the yellow man_; "My husband is right," she thought; "perhaps it is M. Laffitte; there are such queer rich men!" "Monsieur," said she. At this word, _Monsieur_, the man turned; up to 
my love, the darling of my soul, is dead; it is the inexorable consolidation and perpetuation of the secret that was always in that individuality, and which I shall carry in mine to my life’s end. In 
impressible was Monseigneur, that the Comedy and the Grand Opera had far more influence with him in the tiresome articles of state affairs and state secrets, than the needs of all France. A happy circumstance 
face with which he came home one afternoon, and told me, as a mighty piece of news, of his having fallen in with one Clarriker (the young merchant’s name), and of Clarriker’s having shown an extraordinary 
His face was turned from us, but the instant we saw we all recognised the Count--in every way, even to the scar on his forehead. With his left hand he held both Mrs. Harker's hands, keeping them away with her arms 
red eye, which at the thought got a new fascination for me; till, as I looked, the fire divided, and seemed to shine on me through the fog like two red eyes, such as Lucy told me of in her momentary mental wandering 
Oh yes, twenty times have I made it up round the bed-post, but round my He thought Mrs. Darling was not sufficiently impressed, and he went on sternly, “I warn you of this, mother, that unless this tie is round my 
forge choked up with cinders; the house was sold; the mother dived down into the long church-yard grass; her children twice followed her thither; and the houseless, familyless old man staggered off a vagabond 
sphere a strange spectre was seen by Daggoo from the main-mast-head. In the distance, a great white mass lazily rose, and rising higher and higher, and disentangling itself from the azure, at last gleamed before 
after the manner of convicts, he dropped, all dressed as he was, upon the bed, where he immediately fell into a profound sleep. Midnight struck as the Bishop returned from his garden to his apartment. 
a watchful eye that seldom seemed to look at anything, a large hand heavily ringed, a steady face, strong features, and great composure of manner. There was a character about Madame Defarge, from which one might 
it were; impersonal, I say; for it so shaded off into the surrounding infinite of things, that it seemed one with the general stolidity discernible in the whole visible world; which while pauselessly active 
was said; and with fascinated eyes they awaited whatever magic might With a blow from the top-maul Ahab knocked off the steel head of the lance, and then handing to the mate the long iron rod remaining, bade 
farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves. It was falling, too, upon every part of the lonely churchyard on the hill where Michael Furey lay buried. It lay thickly drifted on the 
the furniture about and made a dust; and so, in a sort of dream or sleep-waking, I found myself sitting by the fire again, waiting By and by, his door opened and he came out. I could not bring myself to 
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable. The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a 
she didn’ want to, but she could git eight hund’d dollars for me, en it ‘uz sich a big stack o’ money she couldn’ resis’.  De widder she try to git her to say she wouldn’ do it, but I never waited to hear de res’.  I 
however--he had not known that it wasnt--and so the suggestion of a captured bundle was too much for his self-possession. But on the whole he felt glad the little episode had happened, for now he knew beyond all 
thunder, as in the melodramas. A few paces more, and you arrive at the abominable pollarded elms of the Barrière Saint-Jacques, that expedient of the philanthropist to conceal the scaffold, that miserable and 
air to this bold and rolling sea; even as bride to groom. And at the girdling line of the horizon, a soft and tremulous motion—most seen here at the Equator—denoted the fond, throbbing trust, the loving 
bits in Paris. Go to one of the students’ balls, for instance. That’s lively, if you like, when the cocottes begin to let themselves Ignatius Gallaher drank off his whisky and shook his head. 
“I mean,” he replied, “he must show his papers.” “Yes,” said Captain Bildad in his hollow voice, sticking his head from behind Peleg’s, out of the wigwam. “He must show that he’s 
the time, lo! that smiling sky, and this unsounded sea! Look! see yon Albicore! who put it into him to chase and fang that flying-fish? Where do murderers go, man! Who’s to doom, when the judge himself is dragged 
begun to work in earnest, it occurred to me that if I could retain my bedroom in Barnard’s Inn, my life would be agreeably varied, while my manners would be none the worse for Herbert’s society. Mr. Pocket did 
and shabby, and the greasy shoulders that had left their mark in Mr. Jaggers’s room seemed to have been shuffling up and down the staircase for years. In the front first floor, a clerk who looked something 
perceived. All at once Fantine raised her eyes, saw him, and made M. The instant that Madeleine's glance encountered Javert's glance, Javert, without stirring, without moving from his post, without approaching him, 
and this power to good of you and others, as you have won from your suffering at his hands. This is now all the more precious that he know it not, and to guard himself have even cut himself off from his 
headway. Steel and wood included, the entire spear is some ten or twelve feet in length; the staff is much slighter than that of the harpoon, and also of a lighter material—pine. It is furnished with a small rope 
ambling to unknown places of destination with her foot in her cotton stirrup, was so perfectly serene, that most observers would have been constrained to suppose her a dove, embodied by some freak of nature, in 
"Forgiven! God bless you that you have given my dear one her soul again, and me peace." He put his hands on the Professor's shoulder, and laying his head on his breast, cried for a while silently, whilst we stood 
soldiers; the 79th Highlanders had lost 24 officers wounded, 18 officers killed, 450 soldiers killed. The Hanoverian hussars of Cumberland, a whole regiment, with Colonel Hacke at its head, who was destined to be 
indubitably conduct a lamp-feeder as Flask did declare. As he mounted the deck, Ahab abruptly accosted him, without at all heeding what he had in his hand; but in his broken lingo, the German 
advancing. “Hands off from that holiness! Where sayest thou Pip was, “And who art thou, boy? I see not my reflection in the vacant pupils of thy eyes. Oh God! that man should be a thing for immortal souls to 
On the morrow, towards midday, Fantine awoke. She heard some one breathing close to her bed; she drew aside the curtain and saw M. Madeleine standing there and looking at something over her head. His 
the studious youth of England, without laying themselves open to severe punishment. For some days, I even kept close at home, and looked out at the kitchen door with the greatest caution and trepidation before going 
breakfast of chowders of all sorts, so that the landlady should not make much profit by reason of his Ramadan, we sallied out to board the Pequod, sauntering along, and picking our teeth with halibut bones. 
hands, than your presence and influence have been to me, there and everywhere, and will be. Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good 
began to master him, and the attendants were putting a strait-waistcoat on him, he began to shout: 'I'll frustrate them! They shan't rob me! they shan't murder me by inches! I'll fight for my Lord and Master!' and 
'Is the young gentleman to come too, sir?' said the man whose duty it was to conduct them.  'It's not a sight for children, sir.' 'It is not indeed, my friend,' rejoined Mr. Brownlow; 'but my business 
perhaps—either from professional inexperience, or incompetency, or timidity, decline a contest with the Sperm Whale; at any rate, there are plenty of whalemen, especially among those whaling nations not sailing 
quantity of oil will be extracted out of one whale.” —Ibid. “The sovereignest thing on earth is parmacetti for an inward “Which to secure, no skill of leach’s art 
on the pavement, with the arms extended in the form of a cross, in the immobility of death. One would have said, judging from a sort of serpent which undulated over the floor, that this sinister form had a rope round 
length little Jane, perceiving its young brains to be imperilled, softly left her place, and with many small artifices coaxed the dangerous weapon away. Mrs. Pocket finishing her orange at about the same time, 
suppose you would have every man in the world go about with a small lightning-rod running up the corner of his hat, like a militia officer’s skewered feather, and trailing behind like his sash. Why 
exceeded the census of men now in London, and though at the present day not one horn or hoof of them remains in all that region; and though the cause of this wondrous extermination was the spear of man; yet the far 
There was no house now, no brewery, no building whatever left, but the wall of the old garden. The cleared space had been enclosed with a rough fence, and looking over it, I saw that some of the old ivy had struck 
I found Herbert dining on cold meat, and delighted to welcome me back. Having despatched The Avenger to the coffee-house for an addition to the dinner, I felt that I must open my breast that very evening to my friend 
her. You have loved yourself; let your old love speak for me!” The Doctor sat with his face turned away, and his eyes bent on the ground. At the last words, he stretched out his hand again, hurriedly, 
Sevenpence-halfpenny's worth per week is a good round diet for a child; a great deal may be got for sevenpence-halfpenny, quite enough to overload its stomach, and make it uncomfortable. The elderly female was 
frock.—Ahab comes slowly from the cabin-gangway, and hears Pip “Back, lad; I will be with ye again presently. He goes! Not this hand complies with my humor more genially than that boy.—Middle aisle of a 
the chimney-piece.  ‘What are you talking about?  You took her for better ‘I mun’ be ridden o’ her.  I cannot bear ’t nommore.  I ha’ lived under ’t so long, for that I ha’ had’n the pity and comforting words o’ th’ 
like to admit it; so I harked back to what he had denied:-- "So you don't care about life and you don't want souls. Why not?" I put my question quickly and somewhat sternly, on purpose to disconcert him. 
scenes of their old pains and pleasures, have seemed to pass at once into a new state of being.  Crawling forth, from day to day, to some green sunny spot, they have had such memories wakened up within them by 
But all we said, not a word could we drag out of him; I almost felt like pushing him over, so as to change his position, for it was almost intolerable, it seemed so painfully and unnaturally constrained; 
first, unless there be some one of the household who bid him to come; though afterwards he can come as he please. His power ceases, as does that of all evil things, at the coming of the day. Only at certain times 
Everyone had respect for poor Martin Cunningham. He was a thoroughly sensible man, influential and intelligent. His blade of human knowledge, natural astuteness particularised by long association with cases in the 
excitement! Jimmy was excited too; he would lose, of course. How much had he written away? The men rose to their feet to play the last tricks, talking and gesticulating. Routh won. The cabin shook with the young 
at this unaccountable farrago of the landlord’s. “Sartain, and that’s the very reason he can’t sell it, I guess.” “Landlord,” said I, going up to him as cool as Mt. Hecla in a 
After a pause in which she was evidently ordering her thoughts, she "I took the sleeping draught which you had so kindly given me, but for a long time it did not act. I seemed to become more wakeful, and myriads 
“She’s on the turf now. I saw her driving down Earl Street one night “I suppose that’s your doing,” said Lenehan. “There was others at her before me,” said Corley philosophically. 
and mounts guard over monseigneur's smile. To please a bishop is equivalent to getting one's foot in the stirrup for a sub-diaconate. It is necessary to walk one's path discreetly; the apostleship does not 
They spoke low, as people watching and waiting mostly do; as people in a dark room, watching and waiting for Lightning, always do. There was a great hurry in the streets of people speeding away to 
with a speed which rendered it matter of exceeding difficulty for the Giles followed as well as he could; and Oliver followed too; and in the course of a minute or two, Mr. Losberne, who had been out walking, and 
to control and steady his breathing shook the lips from which the colour rushed to his heart. The buzz of the great flies was loud again. “Miss Manette, have you seen the prisoner before?” 
As was afterwards learned, the Bachelor had met with the most surprising success; all the more wonderful, for that while cruising in the same seas numerous other vessels had gone entire months without securing a 
Mr. Brownlow adopted Oliver as his son.  Removing with him and the old housekeeper to within a mile of the parsonage-house, where his dear friends resided, he gratified the only remaining wish of Oliver's warm 
Tom sulked in a corner and exalted his woes. He knew that in her heart his aunt was on her knees to him, and he was morosely gratified by the consciousness of it. He would hang out no signals, he would take notice 
may state my intellectual position I am, so far as concerns things purely terrestrial, somewhat in the position which Enoch occupied spiritually!" This was a poser to me. I could not at the moment recall 
walked with one hand upon his hip and in the other hand he held a stick with which he tapped the turf lightly. He was shabbily dressed in a suit of greenish-black and wore what we used to call a jerry hat with a high 
shoulder and gave his nose a loving bite. She whispered in his ear “You silly ass,” and then, tottering to her chamber, lay down on the bed. His head almost filled the fourth wall of her little room as he knelt 
whistles out of the trees and dances ecstatically to his own tunes. Slightly is the most conceited of the boys. He thinks he remembers the days before he was lost, with their manners and customs, and this has 
were lacerated, and the question was, Was it with finger-nails? Now, Mr. Jaggers showed that she had struggled through a great lot of brambles which were not as high as her face; but which she could not have got 
on the lower part of the bunch before described. But as the stumps of harpoons are frequently found in the dead bodies of captured whales, with the flesh perfectly healed around them, and no prominence of any 
azure sky; Diderot stretches out his arms to all these love idyls, and After breakfast the four couples went to what was then called the King's Square to see a newly arrived plant from India, whose name escapes our 
Cruncher was out of spirits, and out of temper, and kept an iron pot-lid by him as a projectile for the correction of Mrs. Cruncher, in case he should observe any symptoms of her saying Grace. He was brushed 
hard, and life in general was opened to her as such a closely ruled ciphering-book, that assuredly she would have run away, but for only one It is lamentable to think of; but this restraint was the result of no 
bishops. The arrest of the Pope took place, as every one knows, on the night of the 5th to the 6th of July, 1809; on this occasion, M. Myriel was summoned by Napoleon to the synod of the bishops of France and Italy 
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply. ‘Idiot!’ said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to Alice, she went on, ‘What’s your name, child?’ 
Among other public buildings in a certain town, which for many reasons it will be prudent to refrain from mentioning, and to which I will assign no fictitious name, there is one anciently common to most towns, 
I’m telling you, or you’ll apologise to me!” He stood in a doorway opposite the office watching to see if the cashier would come out alone. All the clerks passed out and finally the cashier 
arch I’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only ‘How do you like the Queen?’ said the Cat in a low voice. 
star quivered; but the deep intonations of the heavy thunder constantly vibrated upon the ear; whilst the terrific lightning revelled in angry mood through the cloudy chambers of heaven, seeming to scorn the power 
We skipped out and looked; but it warn’t nothing but the flutter of a steamboat’s wheel away down, coming around the point; so we come back. “Yes,” says I, “and other times, when things is dull, they fuss with the 
‘I won’t indeed!’ said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of conversation. ‘Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?’ The Mouse did not answer, so Alice went on eagerly: ‘There is such a nice little dog near 
power of waking. I might want it. Here comes sleep. Good-night. _1 October, evening._--I found Thomas Snelling in his house at Bethnal Green, but unhappily he was not in a condition to remember anything. The 
thinking exclusively of himself, and at once they jumped with joy. “But won’t they think us rather a handful?” Nibs asked in the middle of “Oh no,” said Wendy, rapidly thinking it out, “it will only mean having 
group, who honored me with very unfavorable glances as I passed on the But, it was only the pleasanter to turn to Biddy and to Joe, whose great forbearance shone more brightly than before, if that could be, 
England. Yet he was as submissive to a word of advice as if he had been in constant terror; for, when we ran ashore to get some bottles of beer into the boat, and he was stepping out, I hinted that I thought he would 
wild bright day, and he lifted his foot to put back one of the little flaming logs, which was tumbling forward. He wore the white riding-coat and top-boots, then in vogue, and the light of the fire touching their 
keep away from that Browne, because he’s not a bad fellow, really.” He was trembling now with annoyance. Why did she seem so abstracted? He did not know how he could begin. Was she annoyed, too, about something? 
speaker, and stared at him, with his mouth wide open, and his face 'I tossed off the clothes,' said Giles, throwing away the table-cloth, and looking very hard at the cook and housemaid, 'got softly out of 
His back was towards me, and he had his arms folded, and was nodding I thought he would be more glad if I came upon him with his breakfast, in that unexpected manner, so I went forward softly and touched him on 
and tokens by which to recognise the Artful Dodger, and was conveyed by Master Bates through dark and winding ways to within a very short distance of Bow Street. Having described the precise situation of the 
everybody’s private affairs) that he was the man with his white locks flowing, and that he was upon the whole the weakest pilgrim going. Finally, I remember that when I got into my little bedroom, I was truly 
and by and by you think to yourself, spos’n I was a boy, and was away up there, and the door ain’t locked, and you--” She stopped, looking kind of wondering, and then she turned her head around slow, and when her eye 
an attentive eye. He then called for his harpoon, had the wooden stock drawn from it, and then had the iron part placed in the coffin along with one of the paddles of his boat. All by his own request, also, 
that in the presence of such earnest purpose as the Professor's, a purpose which could thus use the to him most sacred of things, it was impossible to distrust. In respectful silence we took the places 
Whether this remark bore reference to the husband, or the teapot, is uncertain.  It might have been the latter; for Mrs. Corney looked at it as she spoke; and took it up afterwards.  She had just tasted her first 
to the village was barricaded, but at the first volley of Prussian canister, all took to flight again, and Lobau was taken. That volley of grape-shot can be seen to-day imprinted on the ancient gable of a brick 
wind of the party, as was encumbered with a pitchfork) most handsomely insisted on stopping, to make an apology for his hastiness of speech. 'But it's wonderful,' said Mr. Giles, when he had explained, 'what a 
voluble and loud, would have been as so much Hebrew or Chaldean to Miss Pross and her protector, though they had been all ears. But, they had no ears for anything in their surprise. For, it must be recorded, that 
the noise of passing vehicles; and from this, and from the quantity of people standing about smelling strongly of spirits and beer, I inferred While I looked about me here, an exceedingly dirty and partially drunk 
conversed for a while, Miss Havisham sent us two out to walk in the neglected garden: on our coming in by and by, she said, I should wheel So, Estella and I went out into the garden by the gate through which I 
“I should not have told her No, if I had been you,” said Mr Jaggers; “but every man ought to know his own business best.” “Every man’s business,” said Wemmick, rather reproachfully towards me, 
off of the wreck, and found boots, and blankets, and clothes, and all sorts of other things, and a lot of books, and a spyglass, and three boxes of seegars.  We hadn’t ever been this rich before in neither of 
whales are not every day encountered; while you may, then, you must kill all you can. And if you cannot kill them all at once, you must wing them, so that they can be afterwards killed at your leisure. Hence it 
Do you know? If she were brought to me now, I should talk to her very gently. That is all. Is it not quite natural that I should desire to see my daughter, who has been brought to me expressly from Montfermeil? I 
a chance at him tried their best to coax him off of his horse so they could lock him up and get him sober; but it warn’t no use--up the street he would tear again, and give Sherburn another cussing.  By and by 
acquaintance he had first made at the Royal George Hotel at Dover, and “Pooh! You’d have thought!” said Miss Pross; and Mr. Lorry left off. “How do you do?” inquired that lady then--sharply, and yet as if to 
“A moment! Let me speak of it in its place. First,” he put his hand in his coat, and took another paper from it, “that is the certificate which enables me to pass out of this city. Look at it. You see--Sydney Carton, 
with you, if I ever, in the whole course of my life, take seven looks at it, at a hundred pound a look, it will be as much as I shall do.  No, by George!  I don’t forget that I am Josiah Bounderby of Coketown.  For 
Jack's friend, and you were hers. You shall do what you like." The Professor cleared his throat a couple of times, as though about to "You know that Mrs. Westenra left you all her property?" 
Loftiest trucks were made for wildest winds, and this brain-truck of mine now sails amid the cloud-scud. Shall I strike that? Oh, none but cowards send down their brain-trucks in tempest time. What a hooroosh 
When Mr. Bumble had laughed a little while, his eyes again encountered 'We are forgetting business, ma'am,' said the beadle; 'here is your Mr. Bumble produced some silver money rolled up in paper, from his 
in him, that mortal man cannot be true—not true, or undeveloped. With books the same. The truest of all men was the Man of Sorrows, and the truest of all books is Solomon’s, and Ecclesiastes is the fine 
upon the table; which was announced to all present by a prodigious “Dear, dear! Give it me back, Mum,” said Flopson; “and Miss Jane, come One of the little girls, a mere mite who seemed to have prematurely 
a magnificent crosier,--all the pontifical vestments which had been stolen a month previously from the treasury of Notre Dame d'Embrun. In the chest was a paper, on which these words were written, _"From 
pulled out one of his old shirts, which he tore in pieces. In the strips of linen thus prepared he wrapped the two silver candlesticks. He betrayed neither haste nor agitation; and while he was wrapping up the 
England, always faithful and devoted to his daughter and himself in their exile; that, so far from being in favour with the Aristocrat government there, he had actually been tried for his life by it, as 
mansion the only palace in the town, and the most hospitable and much the most lavish in the matter of festivities that St. Petersburg could boast; the bent and venerable Major and Mrs. Ward; lawyer Riverson, the 
and I knowed the current had swung the canoe’s head down-stream, and I was all right if that was Jim and not some other raftsman hollering. I couldn’t tell nothing about voices in a fog, for nothing don’t look 
‘Ah—h!’ said Mrs. Sparsit, with another melancholy shake of her head. ‘I only hope, ma’am,’ pursued Bitzer, ‘that his friend and relation may not supply him with the means of carrying on.  Otherwise, ma’am, we know 
were fools, and comprehending nothing of this vision. CHAPTER I--IN WHAT MIRROR M. MADELEINE CONTEMPLATES HIS HAIR The day had begun to dawn. Fantine had passed a sleepless and feverish 
cause; for he hoped that the dispute might really end in his being 'This is hardly fair, Bill; hardly fair, is it, Nancy?' inquired the 'Fair, or not fair,' retorted Sikes, 'hand over, I tell you! Do you 
jumping to the ground, disappeared into the darkness. I did not know what to do, the less as the howling of the wolves grew closer; but while I wondered the driver suddenly appeared again, and without a word took 
I am more than ever sure that I am right. My new conclusion is ready, so I shall get our party together and read it. They can judge it; it is well to be accurate, and every minute is precious. 
the craft’s bald keel. He seemed to be working in obedience to some particular presentiment. Nor did it remain unwarranted by the event. Towards noon whales were raised; but so soon as the ship sailed down to 
“Dat’s good!  But he’ll be pooty lonesome--dey ain’ no kings here, is “Den he cain’t git no situation.  What he gwyne to do?” “Well, I don’t know.  Some of them gets on the police, and some of them 
shoulder, lifted her a little, and hurried her into the room. He sat her down just within the door, and held her, clinging to him. Defarge drew out the key, closed the door, locked it on the inside, 
flinging off its drippings, that the drops fell like bits of broken glass on the water, while the whale beyond also rose to sight, and once more the boats were free to fly. But the fagged whale abated his speed, 
and he means well by us. He’s a jolly fine decent fellow, if you ask me, and no damn nonsense about him. He just says to himself: ‘The old one never went to see these wild Irish. By Christ, I’ll go myself and 
demonstrations ceased, as suddenly as they had broken out. The man who had left his saw sticking in the firewood he was cutting, set it in motion again; the women who had left on a door-step the little pot of 
Then irritated, though he was so small, and becoming almost menacing:-- "Come now, will you take your foot away? Take your foot away, or we'll "Ah! It's still you!" said Jean Valjean, and rising abruptly to his 
“There can be no hearts above the snow-line. Oh, ye frozen heavens! look down here. Ye did beget this luckless child, and have abandoned him, ye creative libertines. Here, boy; Ahab’s cabin shall be Pip’s 
fleets? Why did Louis XVI. of France, at his own personal expense, fit out whaling ships from Dunkirk, and politely invite to that town some score or two of families from our own island of Nantucket? Why did 
“Only think of that, now!  What’s the matter with her?” I couldn’t think of anything reasonable, right off that way, so I says: “Mumps your granny!  They don’t set up with people that’s got the 
to use any little opportunities you might have after I was gone, of improving dear Joe. But after this I ask you nothing. I am extremely sorry to see this in you, Biddy,” I repeated. “It’s a--it’s a bad side 
over and killed him for testifying in court. But the echoes must have disguised the voice. Without doubt, that was it, he reasoned. Toms fright weakened every muscle in his body. He said to himself that if he 
the paltry cheque. He loved to feel the covers and turn over the pages of newly printed books. Nearly every day when his teaching in the college was ended he used to wander down the quays to the second-hand 
“Well, I reckon there’s a right smart chance of people _here_ that’d like to know who killed him.  Some think old Finn done it himself.” “Most everybody thought it at first.  He’ll never know how nigh he come 
“Gentlemen,” said Mr. Jaggers, deliberately putting down the glass, and hauling out his gold repeater by its massive chain, “I am exceedingly On this hint we all rose to depart. Before we got to the street door, 
Captain Sleet and his Greenlandmen were; yet that disadvantage is greatly counter-balanced by the widely contrasting serenity of those seductive seas in which we South fishers mostly float. For one, I used 
crowd eagerly gather round him:  each new comer, jostling and struggling with the others to catch a glimpse.  'Stand aside!'  'Give him a little air!'  'Nonsense! he don't deserve it.'  'Where's the 
swept away his low spirits and made him lighthearted and happy again. He started to school and had the luck of coming upon Becky Thatcher at the head of Meadow Lane. His mood always determined his manner. Without a 
with the statue of the Duc d'Angoulême. The cemetery of the Madeleine, a terrible pauper's grave in 1793, was covered with jasper and marble, since the bones of Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette lay in that dust. 
_28 October._--When the telegram came announcing the arrival in Galatz I do not think it was such a shock to any of us as might have been expected. True, we did not know whence, or how, or when, the bolt would 
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual. I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a 
and barking at me, and I knowed better than to move another peg. IN about a minute somebody spoke out of a window without putting his “I don’t want nothing, sir.  I only want to go along by, but the dogs 
downward way was marked by myriad clouds of every sunset-colour--flame, purple, pink, green, violet, and all the tints of gold; with here and there masses not large, but of seemingly absolute blackness, in all 
worthy of some Goliath of a convict. This chain suggested, not the beams, which it was its office to transport, but the mastodons and mammoths which it might have served to harness; it had the air of the 
His elbow was pressing against some hard substance. After a long time he slowly and sadly changed his position, and took up this object with a sigh. It was in a paper. He unrolled it. A long, lingering, colossal 
this rough and unlettered man gathered a perfectly clear perception of the succession of ideas through which he had, by degrees, mounted and descended to the lugubrious aspects which had, for so many years, formed 
ruinating! Whereas them medical doctors’ wives don’t flop--catch ‘em at it! Or, if they flop, their floppings goes in favour of more patients, and how can you rightly have one without t’other? Then, wot with 
shifting, muffled sound of his pick? Who does not feel the irresistible arm drag? What skiff in tow of a seventy-four can stand still? For one, I gave myself up to the abandonment of the time and the place; but while 
Wemmick’s arm was straying from the path of virtue and being recalled to At last, the Aged read himself into a light slumber. This was the time for Wemmick to produce a little kettle, a tray of glasses, and a 
a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the Ere entering upon the subject of Fossil Whales, I present my credentials as a geologist, by stating that in my miscellaneous time I have been 
She sank to the ground and burst into such a frenzy of crying that Tom was appalled with the idea that she might die, or lose her reason. He sat down by her and put his arms around her; she buried her face in 
but with whom one sometimes loves to sit, and feel poor-devilish, too; and grow convivial upon tears; and say to them bluntly, with full eyes and empty glasses, and in not altogether unpleasant sadness—Give 
privately for an advance? No, the cashier was no good, no damn good: he wouldn’t give an advance.... He knew where he would meet the boys: Leonard and O’Halloran and Nosey Flynn. The barometer of his emotional 
asylum. It is not, however, visible from the grounds." "I am glad that it is old and big. I myself am of an old family, and to live in a new house would kill me. A house cannot be made habitable in a 
failure of his ammunition:” after which the mail was robbed in peace; that magnificent potentate, the Lord Mayor of London, was made to stand and deliver on Turnham Green, by one highwayman, who despoiled the 
reflected in the funereal, the sepulchral immensity of silence, unknown but possible beings, bendings of mysterious branches, alarming torsos of trees, long handfuls of quivering plants,--against all this one has no 
the blood rushed to his face for an instant, but as quickly fell away again, so that he remained of a ghastly whiteness; he was still silent. Van Helsing forced back the leaden flange, and we all looked in and 
frightful suddenness. But she sat perfectly still in his grasp, and only said, in a low voice, “I entreat you, good gentlemen, do not come near “Hark!” he exclaimed. “Whose voice was that?” 
Little Chandler ordered the drinks. The blush which had risen to his face a few moments before was establishing itself. A trifle made him blush at any time: and now he felt warm and excited. Three small 
‘But thy rest agen to-morrow’s work, my dear.’ ‘I slept sound last night.  I can wake many nights, when I am put to it. ’Tis thou who art in need of rest—so white and tired.  Try to sleep in 
napkin; next he took out a double-handful of some whitish stuff, like dough or putty. He crumbled the wafer up fine and worked it into the mass between his hands. This he then took, and rolling it into thin 
they revolve. Or, if you will, like so many ant-hills of powder, they all stand before me; and I their match. Oh, hard! that to fire others, the match itself must needs be wasting! What I’ve dared, I’ve 
children, and who did not fear any one except her husband. She was a mother because she was mammiferous. But her maternity stopped short with her daughters, and, as we shall see, did not extend to boys. The man had 
relating to railways and travel, my letter of credit, in fact all that might be useful to me were I once outside the castle. I sat and pondered awhile, and then some thought occurred to me, and I made search of my 
“The utmost good that I am capable of now, Miss Manette, I have come here to realise. Let me carry through the rest of my misdirected life, the remembrance that I opened my heart to you, last of all the world; 
Don’t stand there and tell me such stuff, Louisa, to my face, when you know very well that if it was ever to reach your father’s ears I should never hear the last of it.  After all the trouble that has been taken 
'Pray don't interrupt just now,' said Mr. Brownlow.  'Take a seat, will Mr. Bumble sat himself down; quite confounded by the oddity of Mr. Grimwig's manner.  Mr. Brownlow moved the lamp, so as to obtain an 
contemplations, and that vapour—as you will sometimes see it—glorified by a rainbow, as if Heaven itself had put its seal upon his thoughts. For, d’ye see, rainbows do not visit the clear air; they 
They were both wrapped in old and shabby outer garments, which might, perhaps, serve the double purpose of protecting their persons from the rain, and sheltering them from observation.  The husband carried a 
cast forth by the Whale at the Base of the Temple.” In this Afric Temple of the Whale I leave you, reader, and if you be a Nantucketer, and a whaleman, you will silently worship there. 
this surprising circumstance, and could not help giving my mind to speculations about it, until by and by Millers came down with the baby, which baby was handed to Flopson, which Flopson was handing it to Mrs. 
of wampum was the deepest pledge of honour; though in many climes, whiteness typifies the majesty of Justice in the ermine of the Judge, and contributes to the daily state of kings and queens drawn by 
Dick was immediately taken away, and locked up in the coal-cellar.  Mr. Bumble shortly afterwards took himself off, to prepare for his journey. At six o'clock next morning, Mr. Bumble:  having exchanged his cocked 
John, for we are more level in experiences than father and son--yet even at such moment King Laugh he come to me and shout and bellow in my ear, 'Here I am! here I am!' till the blood come dance back and bring some of 
hove those things in here caught a sight of us and took us for ghosts or Joe grumbled awhile; then he agreed with his friend that what daylight was left ought to be economized in getting things ready for leaving. 
stairs I found it closed. It had been so forcibly driven against the jamb that part of the woodwork was splintered. I could see that the bolt of the lock had not been shot, but the door is fastened from the inside. 
“You have not every reason to say so of the rest of his people,” said Estella, nodding at me with an expression of face that was at once grave and rallying, “for they beset Miss Havisham with reports and 
of the dead bodies having theft for his victory, and come to rifle Waterloo. He was clad in a blouse that was something like a great coat; he was uneasy and audacious; he walked forwards and gazed behind him. 
waken them. Even when she heard the sound of muffled oars, though her heart was in her mouth, she did not waken them. She stood over them to let them have their sleep out. Was it not brave of Wendy? 
intending to sleep in the open air, beneath the stars. There were no stars. I thought it was going to rain, and I re-entered the town, to seek the recess of a doorway. Yonder, in the square, I meant to sleep 
to the sea, owing to the body’s immensely increasing tendency to sink. However, Starbuck, who had the ordering of affairs, hung on to it to the last; hung on to it so resolutely, indeed, that when at length the ship 
There was a neat little girl in attendance, who looked after the Aged in the day. When she had laid the supper-cloth, the bridge was lowered to give her means of egress, and she withdrew for the night. The supper was 
excluded.  He had established a confidence with her, that absolutely turned upon her indifference towards her husband, and the absence, now and at all times, of any congeniality between them.  He had artfully, but 
would be an invidious one and one beyond my poor powers. For when I view them in turn, whether it be our chief hostess herself, whose good heart, whose too good heart, has become a byword with all who know her, or her 
stretching their necks and listening.  One long, lanky man, with long hair and a big white fur stovepipe hat on the back of his head, and a crooked-handled cane, marked out the places on the ground where Boggs 
just in time to prevent the vessel from flying up into the wind, and very probably capsizing her. How glad and how grateful the relief from this unnatural hallucination of the night, and the fatal contingency of 
slumbering crew arose from the boat’s bottom, and ere noon the dead The season for the Line at length drew near; and every day when Ahab, coming from his cabin, cast his eyes aloft, the vigilant helmsman would 
a door banged, Aunt Sally she jumped and said “ouch!” if anything fell, she jumped and said “ouch!” if you happened to touch her, when she warn’t noticing, she done the same; she couldn’t face noway and be 
man’s estate? Can they be John and Michael? They are!” “‘See, dear brothers,’ says Wendy pointing upwards, ‘there is the window still standing open. Ah, now we are rewarded for our sublime faith in a 
of many brave races who fought as the lion fights, for lordship. Here, in the whirlpool of European races, the Ugric tribe bore down from Iceland the fighting spirit which Thor and Wodin gave them, which their 
things there which I want. You must remain here all the night, and you "We are the best nurses, you and I. You keep watch all night; see that she is well fed, and that nothing disturbs her. You must not sleep all 
of his thought; they were real gendarmes and real judges, a real crowd, and real men of flesh and blood: it was all over; he beheld the monstrous aspects of his past reappear and live once more around him, 
Mr. Wopsle shut his eyes, and opened them again; performing both ceremonies very slowly. “You must have observed, gentlemen,” said he, “an ignorant and a blatant ass, with a rasping throat and a countenance 
that I am fated to die! Leave me! You will get yourself crushed also!" All the spectators were panting. The wheels had continued to sink, and it had become almost impossible for Madeleine to make his way from under 
misfortnet, a man can but try; there’s nowt to be done wi’out tryin’—cept Louisa coloured, and a purse appeared in her hand.  The rustling of a bank-note was audible, as she unfolded one and laid it on the table. 
canticle in the fish’s belly! How billow-like and boisterously grand! We feel the floods surging over us; we sound with him to the kelpy bottom of the waters; sea-weed and all the slime of the sea is about us! 
Peter felt just the one. Next moment he was standing erect on the rock again, with that smile on his face and a drum beating within him. It was saying, “To die will be an awfully big adventure.” 
Heaven, and Angels, and kind faces that I never see when I am awake. Kiss me,' said the child,  climbing up the low gate, and flinging his little arms round Oliver's neck. 'Good-b'ye, dear!  God bless you!' 
again--tell them you’ve thought of something.  If you get here before eleven put a candle in this window, and if I don’t turn up wait _till_ eleven, and _then_ if I don’t turn up it means I’m gone, and out of the 
evening to go up to his quarters; then she hung the key on the nail whence he was accustomed to take it, and set the candlestick on one side, as though she was expecting him. Then she sat down again on her 
He stooped a little, and with his tattered blue cap pointed under the carriage. All his fellows stooped to look under the carriage. “Pardon, Monseigneur; he swung by the chain of the shoe--the drag.” 
him in the dead of the wild solitary night. This dilated until it filled the room, and impelled me to take a candle and go in and look at my He had rolled a handkerchief round his head, and his face was set and 
From the beginning, she had sat looking at him fixedly.  As he now leaned back in his chair, and bent his deep-set eyes upon her in his turn, perhaps he might have seen one wavering moment in her, when she was 
‘When I was your age, young Tom,’ said Bounderby, ‘I was punctual, or I ‘When you were my age,’ resumed Tom, ‘you hadn’t a wrong balance to get ‘Well, then,’ grumbled Tom.  ‘Don’t begin with me.’ 
them. Would to God these blessed calms would last. But the mingled, mingling threads of life are woven by warp and woof: calms crossed by storms, a storm for every calm. There is no steady unretracing progress 
other neatly-turned witticism of a similar kind, the happy application of which, excited considerable admiration in the mind of Mr. Chitling. It was remarkable that the latter gentleman and his partner invariably 
home to them. Is it not so?" As he spoke he handed me three sheets of note-paper and three envelopes. They were all of the thinnest foreign post, and looking at them, then at him, and noticing his quiet smile, 
and what was subsequently learned, it seemed that the scaramouch in question had gained a wonderful ascendency over almost everybody in the He had been originally nurtured among the crazy society of Neskyeuna 
arm; those I carried in a sling; and I could only wear my coat like a cloak, loose over my shoulders and fastened at the neck. My hair had When Herbert had been down to Hammersmith and seen his father, he came 
could no longer be disputed. Here, by means of a clever autonomasia which went back to the sources and causes of crime, the district-attorney thundered against the immorality of the romantic 
as they went, in many witticisms at the expense of Mr. Chitling; in whose conduct, it is but justice to say, there was nothing very conspicuous or peculiar:  inasmuch as there are a great number of 
There was nothing further to be said, and we parted. I shall now settle up all my affairs of earth, and be ready for whatever may come.... _Later._--It is all done; my will is made, and all complete. Mina if she 
by a watering in one eye. But in proportion as his youth disappeared, gayety was kindled; he replaced his teeth with buffooneries, his hair with mirth, his health with irony, his weeping eye laughed incessantly. 
Little boys were sent out into the principal streets of Dublin early on Friday morning with bundles of handbills. Special puffs appeared in all the evening papers, reminding the music-loving public of the treat which 
'Now, my boy, which house is it?' inquired Mr. Losberne. 'That!  That!' replied Oliver, pointing eagerly out of the window. 'The white house.  Oh! make haste!  Pray make haste! I feel as if I 
years’ dangerous voyage, could so unrestingly push off again for still another tempestuous term. The land seemed scorching to his feet. Wonderfullest things are ever the unmentionable; deep memories yield no 
Rome, was joined by his wife, my mother, from whom he had been long separated, who went from Paris and took me with her--to look after his property, for what I know, for she had no great affection for him, nor 
to illumine the place around it at all--and gathering a few stones, formed them into some device. Once there appeared a strange optical effect: when he stood between me and the flame he did not obstruct it, 
monstrous serpents of smoke trailing themselves over Coketown.  A clattering of clogs upon the pavement; a rapid ringing of bells; and all the melancholy mad elephants, polished and oiled up for the day’s 
generally were understood to express the gratification they derived from Mr. Giles's condescension.  Mr. Giles looked round with a patronising air, as much as to say that so long as they behaved 
thought I wanted something. Then he looked at me, and said, correcting “To be sure! Yes. You’re in the habit of shaking hands?” I was rather confused, thinking it must be out of the London fashion, 
THEY asked us considerable many questions; wanted to know what we covered up the raft that way for, and laid by in the daytime instead of “Goodness sakes! would a runaway nigger run _south_?” 
be waiting for something with a dogged determination, and they looked at the Jury, but at nothing else. Under the President sat Doctor Manette, in his usual quiet dress. As well as the prisoner could see, he and Mr. 
but her children had a strange sympathy with him--an instinctive delicacy of pity for him. What fine hidden sensibilities are touched in such a case, no echoes tell; but it is so, and it was so here. Carton 
'Hush!' replied the young lady; 'you frighten my aunt as much as the 'Wounded desperate, miss,' replied Giles, with indescribable 'He looks as if he was a-going, miss,' bawled Brittles, in the same 
made for that; it errs gayly, our gentle love. It has been said, error is human; I say, error is love. Ladies, I idolize you all. O Zéphine, O Joséphine, face more than irregular, you would be charming were you not 
Mr. Gradgrind, apprised of his wife’s decease, made an expedition from London, and buried her in a business-like manner.  He then returned with promptitude to the national cinder-heap, and resumed his sifting for the 
was to plump a noun-substantive at the head of a shopkeeper without any introduction in the nature of an article, and, if it happened not to be the name of the thing she wanted, to look round for that thing, lay hold 
and blindly altering his course, went round the stern of the ship towing the two boats after him, so that they performed a complete circuit. Meantime, they hauled more and more upon their lines, till close 
heads, where steel blades and bayonets shone in the sun. A tremendous roar arose from the throat of Saint Antoine, and a forest of naked arms struggled in the air like shrivelled branches of trees in a winter wind: 
grown quite a different place. Old Barley might be as old as the hills, and might swear like a whole field of troopers, but there were redeeming youth and trust and hope enough in Chinks’s Basin to fill it to 
“Hard down out of that! Mind what I said about the marchant service—don’t aggravate me—I won’t have it. But let us understand each other. I have given thee a hint about what whaling is; 
‘But I am acquainted with these chaps,’ said Bounderby.  ‘I can read ’em off, like books.  Mrs. Sparsit, ma’am, I appeal to you.  What warning did I give that fellow, the first time he set foot in the house, when the 
the ground, roundabout, was generally recognised by the fishermen as an excellent spot for cruising; therefore, as the Pequod gained more and more upon Java Head, the look-outs were repeatedly hailed, and 
relationship. I pass to worse news. Darnay has been arrested again.” Struck with consternation, the old gentleman exclaimed, “What do you tell me! I left him safe and free within these two hours, and am about 
That night we went down the lightning-rod a little after ten, and took one of the candles along, and listened under the window-hole, and heard Jim snoring; so we pitched it in, and it didn’t wake him.  Then we 
alongside, drifting when we drifted, and pulling a stroke or two when we pulled. Of the two sitters one held the rudder-lines, and looked at us attentively,--as did all the rowers; the other sitter was wrapped up, 
please myself: on the whole, I think I can afford to please myself. She will have in me a man already pretty well off, and a rapidly rising man, and a man of some distinction: it is a piece of good fortune for her, 
the better of my live flesh every way. I can’t compare with it; and I’ve known some ships made of dead trees outlast the lives of men made of the most vital stuff of vital fathers. What’s that he said? 
manner expressed a real respect for foreign accomplishments; but this subtlety of his host was probably lost upon the Hungarian, who was The dinner was excellent, exquisite. Ségouin, Jimmy decided, had a very 
sofas. You shall lie on one, and I on the other, and our sympathy will be comfort to each other, even though we do not speak, and even if we sleep." Arthur went off with him, casting back a longing look on Lucy's 
his head drooping languidly on his breast, went stumbling onward, he And now, hosts of bewildering and confused ideas came crowding on his mind.  He seemed to be still walking between Sikes and Crackit, who 
bringing him back; and I looked about me now. Difficult as it is in a large city to avoid the suspicion of being watched, when the mind is conscious of danger in that regard, I could not persuade myself that any 
stupefied astonishment on the small rebel for some seconds, and then clung for support to the copper.  The assistants were paralysed with 'What!' said the master at length, in a faint voice. 
“Because I’ll never cry for you again,” said I. Which was, I suppose, as false a declaration as ever was made; for I was inwardly crying for her then, and I know what I know of the pain she cost me afterwards. 
you are! When you have once made your capital, you have nothing to do This was very like his way of conducting that encounter in the garden; very like. His manner of bearing his poverty, too, exactly corresponded 
don’t ye be sensible, Flask? it’s easy to be sensible; why don’t ye, then? any man with half an eye can be sensible.” “I don’t know that, Stubb. You sometimes find it rather hard.” 
then, and stick the point into me. I might have been an unfortunate little bull in a Spanish arena, I got so smartingly touched up by these It began the moment we sat down to dinner. Mr. Wopsle said grace with 
acquaintanceship. They took their hats off and made obeisance and many signs, which, however, I could not understand any more than I could I have written the letters. Mina's is in shorthand, and I simply ask Mr. 
his hand, and his eyes intent on the road-mender; Jacques Three, equally intent, on one knee behind them, with his agitated hand always gliding over the network of fine nerves about his mouth and nose; Defarge 
stood, and what a noble great whale it was—the noblest and biggest I ever saw, sir, in my life—I resolved to capture him, spite of the boiling rage he seemed to be in. And thinking the hap-hazard line would 
sourceless primogenitures of the gods; so that, in the face of all the glad, hay-making suns, and soft cymballing, round harvest-moons, we must needs give in to this: that the gods themselves are not for ever glad. 
"Between ourselves, the remark rather shocked me. My brother replied:-- "'No,' returned the man, 'they have more money. You are poor; I see that plainly. You cannot be even a curate. Are you really a curé? Ah, if the 
They halted in the middle of the space and formed a group, like men in consultation. They had an air of indecision. The one who appeared to be their leader turned round and pointed hastily with his right hand in the 
longer the same man, that everything about him was changed, that it was no longer in his power to make it as though the Bishop had not spoken to In this state of mind he had encountered little Gervais, and had robbed 
hands on their thighs to watch him mark the places on the ground with his cane; and then he stood up straight and stiff where Sherburn had stood, frowning and having his hat-brim down over his eyes, and sung 
The shoe dropped to the ground, and he sat looking fixedly at the “Monsieur Manette”; Mr. Lorry laid his hand upon Defarge’s arm; “do you remember nothing of this man? Look at him. Look at me. Is there no old 
its leisure. Lions converted into goats. Such was the flight. At Genappe, an effort was made to wheel about, to present a battle front, to draw up in line. Lobau rallied three hundred men. The entrance 
allow this error of fate and of men to be carried out, not to hinder it, to lend himself to it through his silence, to do nothing, in short, was to do everything! that this was hypocritical baseness in the last 
never mind if the leak should double on her. In truth, well nigh the whole of this passage being attended by very prosperous breezes, the Town-Ho had all but certainly arrived in perfect safety at her port 
mark, and if he did he must be sued; and if he done it again he must be killed.  And if anybody that belonged to the band told the secrets, he must have his throat cut, and then have his carcass burnt up and the 
hands that knitted. It was a passionate, loving, thankful, womanly action, but the hand made no response--dropped cold and heavy, and took There was something in its touch that gave Lucie a check. She stopped in 
chat. For not only would they meet with all the sympathies of sailors, but likewise with all the peculiar congenialities arising from a common pursuit and mutually shared privations and perils. 
been married many weeks, when that man’s brother saw her and admired her, and asked that man to lend her to him--for what are husbands among us! He was willing enough, but my sister was good and virtuous, and 
'Then, if your lot had been differently cast,' rejoined Rose; 'if you had been even a little, but not so far, above me; if I could have been a help and comfort to you in any humble scene of peace and retirement, 
was again alone in his room of the previous night, considering what to do next, when he heard a foot upon the stair. In a few moments, a man stood in his presence, who, with a keenly observant look at him, 
shut up again, and looking over his glass knowingly, at his entertainer. ‘A very good fellow indeed!’ returned Mr. James Harthouse. ‘You think so, don’t you?’ said Tom.  And shut up his eye again. 
long time; and more than once Rose appeared with traces of tears upon her face.  After Mr. Losberne had fixed a day for his departure to Chertsey, these symptoms increased; and it became evident that 
'Sweet?  Mr. Bumble?' inquired the matron, taking up the sugar-basin. 'Very sweet, indeed, ma'am,' replied Mr. Bumble.  He fixed his eyes on Mrs. Corney as he said this; and if ever a beadle looked tender, Mr. 
“Oh, yes, a half-yearly is in last night--over a hundred and fifty dollars.  Quite a fortune for you.  You had better let me invest it along with your six thousand, because if you take it you’ll spend it.” 
living sperm whale, was palpable to all the watch; nor was any mariner surprised when, after inspecting the compass, and then the dog-vane, and then ascertaining the precise bearing of the odor as nearly as possible, 
this any very easy matter; for in his rear is the immense projecting steering oar hitting him now and then in the small of his back, the after-oar reciprocating by rapping his knees in front. He is thus 
the saw. I had expected a rush of gas from the week-old corpse. We doctors, who have had to study our dangers, have to become accustomed to such things, and I drew back towards the door. But the Professor never 
seeing me, glanced again inquiringly towards Peleg. “He says he’s our man, Bildad,” said Peleg, “he wants to “Dost thee?” said Bildad, in a hollow tone, and turning round to me. 
people that ain’t going to be doubted as quick as I’d be.  I’ll tell you how to find them.  Gimme a pencil and a piece of paper.  There--‘Royal Nonesuch, Bricksville.’  Put it away, and don’t lose it.  When the 
He approached a black frame which was suspended on the wall, and which contained, under glass, an ancient autograph letter of Jean Nicolas Pache, mayor of Paris and minister, and dated, through an error, no 
Next: how shall we define the whale, by his obvious externals, so as conspicuously to label him for all time to come? To be short, then, a whale is a spouting fish with a horizontal tail. There you have 
soul, abhorred his captain’s quest, and could he, would joyfully disintegrate himself from it, or even frustrate it. It might be that a long interval would elapse ere the White Whale was seen. During that 
“Yes he will _last_, too.  You don’t reckon it’s going to take thirty-seven years to dig out through a _dirt_ foundation, do you?” “Well, we can’t resk being as long as we ought to, because it mayn’t 
this, I told him that whaling was my own design, and informed him of my intention to sail out of Nantucket, as being the most promising port for an adventurous whaleman to embark from. He at once resolved to accompany 
Gabriel felt humiliated by the failure of his irony and by the evocation of this figure from the dead, a boy in the gasworks. While he had been full of memories of their secret life together, full of tenderness and 
adventures of the corpse in the limitless shadow. The bottomless cold paralyzes him. His hands contract convulsively; they close, and grasp nothingness. Winds, clouds, whirlwinds, gusts, useless stars! What is 
at full tension; his right hand gripped her by the back of the neck, forcing her face down on his bosom. Her white nightdress was smeared with blood, and a thin stream trickled down the man's bare breast which 
trading-scow, and it was so dark we didn’t notice the wreck till we was right on it; and so _we_ saddle-baggsed; but all of us was saved but Bill Whipple--and oh, he _was_ the best cretur!--I most wish ‘t it had 
There the boy remained, with a palpitating heart, for half an hour.  At the expiration of which time Mr. Bumble thrust in his head, unadorned 'Now, Oliver, my dear, come to the gentleman.'  As Mr. Bumble said 
short a distance of the merry old gentleman, was on his way to the book-stall.  When he got into Clerkenwell, he accidently turned down a by-street which was not exactly in his way; but not discovering his 
flow, higher and higher, to the terror and wonder of the beholders on the shore--three years of tempest were consumed. Three more birthdays of little Lucie had been woven by the golden thread into the peaceful 
“Ah me!” one voice said, and another said, “Oh, mournful day.” Tootles rose. “Peter,” he said quietly, “I will show her to you,” and when the others would still have hidden her he said, “Back, twins, let 
coach had some terrible fear for me? What meant the giving of the crucifix, of the garlic, of the wild rose, of the mountain ash? Bless that good, good woman who hung the crucifix round my neck! for it is a 
was the last) I went in front, sir, to the back of the pit, and whenever his reading brought him into profile, I called out “I don’t see no wafers!” And at night his reading was lovely.” 
Everyone tried to quiet him. The music-hall artiste, a little paler than usual, kept smiling and saying that there was no harm meant: but Jack kept shouting at him that if any fellow tried that sort of a game on 
the shoulder. He instantly jumped up, and it was not the same man, but And yet this man was dressed in coarse gray, too, and had a great iron on his leg, and was lame, and hoarse, and cold, and was everything that 
stick striking the ground regularly, the fringe of the buff Mail peeping out of a side-pocket of his tight reefer overcoat. On the lonely road which leads from the Parkgate to Chapelizod he slackened his pace. 
had its interest in this man’s eyes; not a tone of her voice but had its When she was lost to his view, he pursued his homeward way, glancing up sometimes at the sky, where the clouds were sailing fast and wildly. 
Leghorn. Her husband was captain of a mercantile boat plying between Meeting her a third time by accident he found courage to make an appointment. She came. This was the first of many meetings; they met 
with his part of the work (picking up chips), for he was a quiet boy, While Tom was eating his supper, and stealing sugar as opportunity offered, Aunt Polly asked him questions that were full of guile, and 
even until daybreak, had not the clock struck one--the half or quarter hour. It seemed to him that that stroke said to him, "Come on!" He rose to his feet, hesitated still another moment, and listened; all 
mental wear and tear I had suffered, but for the unnatural strain upon me that to-morrow was. So anxiously looked forward to, charged with such consequences, its results so impenetrably hidden, though so near. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t hurry; next year ‘ll do.  Matilda Angelina Araminta Whack comes the thimble, and the child snatches her claws out of the sugar-bowl without fooling around any.  Just then the nigger woman steps 
up, but was still cruising, if haply it might light upon some token of There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical 
to guard alone. Besides, I may be of service, since you can hypnotise me and so learn that which even I myself do not know." Dr. Van Helsing said "Madam Mina, you are, as always, most wise. You shall with us come; and 
the rustiness of iron bolts and the verdigris of copper spikes, yet, untouchable and immaculate to any foulness, it still preserved its Quito glow. Nor, though placed amongst a ruthless crew and every hour passed 
own place he looked queer. I have not seen anything pulled down so quick since I was on the Pampas and had a mare that I was fond of go to grass all in a night. One of those big bats that they call vampires had got at 
In this same year of 1819 the products of the new process invented by Madeleine figured in the industrial exhibition; when the jury made their report, the King appointed the inventor a chevalier of the Legion of 
looks, and saw no father there, she broke into a most deplorable cry, and took refuge on the bosom of the most accomplished tight-rope lady (herself in the family-way), who knelt down on the floor to nurse her, 
Near the door, in an old wheel-chair, the arm-chair of the peasants, Near the seated man stood a young boy, the shepherd lad. He was offering While the Bishop was watching him, the old man spoke: "Thank you," he 
cover of a stew-pan which was boiling on the stove, then seized a glass and briskly approached the cistern. She turned the faucet; the child had raised her head and was following all the woman's movements. A thin 
“I do,” she said, “I so want a third child.” “Boy or girl?” asked Michael, not too hopefully. Then he had leapt into her arms. Such a little thing for Mr. and Mrs. 
benediction of the good God when Cosette is here. I shall gaze at her; it will do me good to see that innocent creature. She knows nothing at all. She is an angel, you see, my sisters. At that age the wings have 
“No, I wouldn’t say he was exactly ... but there was something queer ... there was something uncanny about him. I’ll tell you my He began to puff at his pipe, no doubt arranging his opinion in his 
He lies here, in this corner of the carriage. He, too, is pointed out. “Apparently the English advocate is in a swoon?” It is hoped he will recover in the fresher air. It is represented that 
to-morrow’s Sunday, and it would not do to be sellin’ human heads about the streets when folks is goin’ to churches. He wanted to, last Sunday, but I stopped him just as he was goin’ out of the door with 
I seemed to be suffocating,--I stood so, looking wildly at him, until I grasped at the chair, when the room began to surge and turn. He caught me, drew me to the sofa, put me up against the cushions, and bent on one 
Impelled by a laudable ambition to study the art and mystery of his father’s honest calling, Young Jerry, keeping as close to house fronts, walls, and doorways, as his eyes were close to one another, held his 
prevailing Republican colour, in winding and tramping through them, as they had reddened them below the snow with a deeper dye, they carried him thus into the courtyard of the building where he lived. Her father 
we? What were you saying to me? That '93 was inexorable?" "Inexorable; yes," said the Bishop. "What think you of Marat clapping "What think you of Bossuet chanting the _Te Deum_ over the dragonnades?" 
became still more so, when the man returned, and said the young woman 'It's no good being proper in this world,' said the first housemaid. 'Brass can do better than the gold what has stood the fire,' said the 
and degrees unclosed a little here, it clenched the tighter there; and when he brought his strength to bear on that hand and it yielded, this was closed again. There was a hurry, too, in all his thoughts, 
prevented him getting off the marshes, but I dragged him here,--dragged him this far on his way back. He’s a gentleman, if you please, this villain. Now, the Hulks has got its gentleman again, through me. Murder 
of Stephen Dowling Bots that fell down a well and was drownded: And did young Stephen sicken,    And did young Stephen die? And did the No; such was not the fate of    Young Stephen Dowling Bots; Though sad 
of the whale contains by far the most precious of all his oily vintages; namely, the highly-prized spermaceti, in its absolutely pure, limpid, and odoriferous state. Nor is this precious substance found unalloyed 
“John,” he said, looking around him doubtfully, “I think I have been “Of course you have, you silly. There is your old bed.” “So it is,” Michael said, but not with much conviction. 
only barbarous peoples who undergo rapid growth after a victory. That is the temporary vanity of torrents swelled by a storm. Civilized people, especially in our day, are neither elevated nor abased by the good or 
The crowd melted away, after the bustling fashion common to arrival platforms; and I was beginning to feel uneasy, lest I might miss my guest, when a sweet-faced, dainty-looking girl stepped up to me, and, 
spreading over the melon bed. During the hour or thereabouts that he had been in the garden he had already spread out a number of them. It was this operation which had caused him to execute the peculiar movements 
the Gaiety pantomime who had one of the finest tenor voices he had ever “Have you heard him?” he asked Mr Bartell D’Arcy across the table. “No,” answered Mr Bartell D’Arcy carelessly. 
abominable advertisement; and with what majesty of denouncement will you crush the viper, who would bring this stain and shame upon the God-like race that happily has cast him out for ever!  Yes, my compatriots, 
a few drops of the blood and have analysed them. The qualitative analysis gives a quite normal condition, and shows, I should infer, in itself a vigorous state of health. In other physical matters I was quite 
and Joes--came by, and stood looking over the paling fence and talking in reverent tones of how Tom did so-and-so the last time they saw him, and how Joe said this and that small trifle (pregnant with awful 
Dublin by Lamplight laundry, and she liked it. She used to have such a bad opinion of Protestants but now she thought they were very nice people, a little quiet and serious, but still very nice people to live 
with his hands clasped on the top of a thick stick, and his chin 'Dear me,' said the gentleman, in the bottle-green coat, hastily rising with great politeness, 'I beg your pardon, young lady--I imagined it 
was seen walking alone, buried in his own thoughts, his eyes cast down, supporting himself on his long cane, clad in his wadded purple garment of silk, which was very warm, wearing purple stockings inside his coarse 
eyes sufficiently to obtain a sight of him.  Then she sat swaying her body to and fro, and making gestures with her unnerved arm, which seemed intended as the accompaniment to a fit of laughter, though her face was 
old Fagin's on the night he went out from the house in Pentonville.' 'I, lady!' replied the girl.  'I am the infamous creature you have heard of, that lives among the thieves, and that never from the first 
About the middle of the afternoon a couple of little boats come along, but they didn’t come from high enough up the river; but at last there was a big one, and they hailed her.  She sent out her yawl, and we went 
and weeks and months and months to file it out, too, because they’ve got to do it by rubbing it on the wall.  _They_ wouldn’t use a goose-quill “Well, then, what’ll we make him the ink out of?” 
again, threw the knapsack on his shoulders, put on his cap, drew the visor down over his eyes, felt for his cudgel, went and placed it in the angle of the window; then returned to the bed, and resolutely seized the 
The old lady motioned to him not to speak; and sitting herself down in a dark corner of the room, remained silent for some time. At length, 'I hope not, Oliver.  I have been very happy with her for some years: 
not wasting the few moments which she passes with you in writing to me. She is well, works as you would wish, and loves me. That is all that I desire. The souvenir which she sent through you 
a vulture over the mistresses of other men; and for my own part, to all those unfortunate men who are widowers, I throw the sublime proclamation of Bonaparte to the army of Italy: "Soldiers, you are in need of 
he discovered something. One of his upper front teeth was loose. This was lucky; he was about to begin to groan, as a starter, as he called it, when it occurred to him that if he came into court with that 
Curious to know how the old gentleman stood informed concerning the reputation of Mr. Jaggers, I roared that name at him. He threw me into the greatest confusion by laughing heartily and replying in a very 
the subjects on his flappers, ‘--Mystery, ancient and modern, with Seaography: then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel, that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and 
first call on him, and he, in turn, paid the first call on the general The installation over, the town waited to see its bishop at work. The episcopal palace of D---- adjoins the hospital. 
men belonged to the Custom House, he said quietly, and that they had no thought of us. I tried to persuade myself that it was so,--as, indeed, it might easily be. However, I proposed that he and I should walk away 
Presently, as they tripped along, Tom said to Becky: Say--Ill tell you what well do. Stead of going to Joe Harpers well climb right up the hill and stop at the Widow Douglas. Shell have 
grapes piled up in it, which was much redder and yellower and prettier than real ones is, but they warn’t real because you could see where pieces had got chipped off and showed the white chalk, or whatever it 
whah to pick up my track.  So I says, a raff is what I’s arter; it doan’ “I see a light a-comin’ roun’ de p’int bymeby, so I wade’ in en shove’ a log ahead o’ me en swum more’n half way acrost de river, en got in 
Van Helsing returned in a couple of hours, and presently said to me: "Now you go home, and eat much and drink enough. Make yourself strong. I stay here to-night, and I shall sit up with little miss myself. You and 
When the population suffers, when work is lacking, when there is no commerce, the tax-payer resists imposts through penury, he exhausts and oversteps his respite, and the state expends a great deal of money in 
“Perhaps he obtained it as his last and utmost precaution against evil, yesterday. When is it dated? But no matter; don’t stay to look; put it up carefully with mine and your own. Now, observe! I never doubted until 
hasty conclusions, that, although Mr. Grimwig was not by any means a bad-hearted man, and though he would have been unfeignedly sorry to see his respected friend duped and deceived, he really did most earnestly 
his chair round to face her and thrown his right foot jauntily upon his left knee. The man put the correspondence on the desk and bowed respectfully but neither Mr Alleyne nor Miss Delacour took any notice 
She shrieked in a voice rendered hoarse with indignation:-- Cosette started as though the earth had trembled beneath her; she turned Cosette took the doll and laid it gently on the floor with a sort of 
that that audacious young savage would come to be hung!' 'He has likewise attempted, sir, to murder the female servant,' said 'And his master, too, I think you said, Noah?' added Mr. Bumble. 
had found in his absence: that the house which Dracula had bought was the very next one to my own. He was amazed, and a great concern seemed to come on him. "Oh that we had known it before!" he said, "for then we 
"Ah, my child, that I do; and indeed there is no wish of me to add to your anguish. But just think, what can we do, until all the world be at movement. Then will come our time. I have thought and thought, and it 
'You _shall_ go, my dear,' said the old gentleman.  'The books are on a Oliver, delighted to be of use, brought down the books under his arm in a great bustle; and waited, cap in hand, to hear what message he was to 
not that. But the family would look down on her. First of all there was her disreputable father and then her mother’s boarding house was beginning to get a certain fame. He had a notion that he was being had. 
carriage, expenses of posting, and expenses of pastoral visits._ This provoked a great outcry among the local burgesses; and a senator of the Empire, a former member of the Council of the Five Hundred 
depreciation of the rest of us, in a more and more offensive degree, until he became downright intolerable. Through all his stages, Mr. Jaggers followed him with the same strange interest. He actually seemed 
Ere quitting, for the nonce, the Sperm Whale’s head, I would have you, as a sensible physiologist, simply—particularly remark its front aspect, in all its compacted collectedness. I would have you investigate 
of commonplaces never delude you into unnecessary excitements; you hear of no domestic afflictions; bankrupt securities; fall of stocks; are never troubled with the thought of what you shall have for dinner—for 
nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice. It may be only small injustice that the child can be exposed to; but the child is small, and its world is small, and its rocking-horse stands as many 
appealingly to us all in turn, beginning and ending with her husband. "What is that way?" asked Van Helsing in a hoarse voice. "What is that "That I may die now, either by my own hand or that of another, before 
Professor carefully tried the lock, lest we might not be able to open it from within should we be in a hurry making our exit. Then we all lit our The light from the tiny lamps fell in all sorts of odd forms, as the 
you.” And once he said:  “Hear him beg! and yit if we hadn’t got the best of him and tied him he’d a killed us both.  And what _for_?  Jist for noth’n. Jist because we stood on our _rights_--that’s what for.  But 
he pointed out to the Grand-Marshal the enthusiastic peasant of the Gulf Juan, and cried, "Well, Bertrand, here is a reinforcement already!" On the night of the 17th to the 18th of June he rallied Wellington. "That 
yah!” The disgrace attendant on his immediately afterwards taking to crowing and pursuing me across the bridge with crows, as from an exceedingly dejected fowl who had known me when I was a blacksmith, 
it. In truth, Bishop, I tell you that I have a philosophy of my own, and I have my philosophers. I don't let myself be taken in with that nonsense. Of course, there must be something for those who are 
me an advantage over you. Cly (who I will unreservedly admit, at this distance of time, was a partner of mine) has been dead several years. I attended him in his last illness. He was buried in London, at the church 
all of us are Ahabs. Great God forbid!—But is there no other way? no lawful way?—Make him a prisoner to be taken home? What! hope to wrest this old man’s living power from his own living hands? Only a fool 
IT must a been close on to one o’clock when we got below the island at last, and the raft did seem to go mighty slow.  If a boat was to come along we was going to take to the canoe and break for the Illinois 
perfectly demoniacal.  Sikes eyed him furtively from time to time. Nancy, apparently fearful of irritating the housebreaker, sat with her eyes fixed upon the fire, as if she had been deaf to all that passed. 
Tom presently wondered to find that his coveted vacation was beginning He attempted a diary--but nothing happened during three days, and so he The first of all the negro minstrel shows came to town, and made a 
a whale-ship, her people were reliably apprised of the existence of Moby Dick, and the havoc he had made. Greedily sucking in this intelligence, Gabriel solemnly warned the captain against attacking the White 
put the old man’s hand to his lips, he did not part from him then. He helped him so far to arouse the rocking figure before the dying embers, as to get a cloak and hat put upon it, and to tempt it forth to find 
neck. He wore a round hat of hard black felt. His face, shining with raindrops, had the appearance of damp yellow cheese save where two rosy spots indicated the cheekbones. He opened his very long mouth suddenly 
for him a minute, and then he started around for the stage door, I after him; but the minute we turned the corner and was in the dark he says: “Walk fast now till you get away from the houses, and then shin for the 
and I put out the fire and scattered the ashes around to look like an I reckon I was up in the tree two hours; but I didn’t see nothing, I didn’t hear nothing--I only _thought_ I heard and seen as much as a 
and set silence. The deeper he sank into this silence, the fainter hope there was--or so Darnay thought--of his softening in any slight degree. “It is of the utmost importance to me (you know, Citizen, even better 
appeared plunged in his own reflections; not excepting the dog, who by a certain malicious licking of his lips seemed to be meditating an attack upon the legs of the first gentleman or lady he might encounter 
WELL, three or four months run along, and it was well into the winter now. I had been to school most all the time and could spell and read and write just a little, and could say the multiplication table up to six 
half a rifle-shot off, and an incorruptible sea and air rolling and flowing between; yet conscientiously adhering to the timid quarantine of the land, he peremptorily refused to come into direct contact with the 
and where the people’s all so kind and good.  Jim’s the prisoner.  All right--I’m glad we found it out detective fashion; I wouldn’t give shucks for any other way.  Now you work your mind, and study out a plan to 
of each nostril. In those two compressions, or dints, the only little change that the face ever showed, resided. They persisted in changing colour sometimes, and they would be occasionally dilated and contracted 
without still another interruption of a very different sort. Pulling an oar in the Jeroboam’s boat, was a man of a singular appearance, even in that wild whaling life where individual notabilities 
fifty thousand line-of-battle-ship loads of red-haired devils. What d’ye say, Tashtego; are you the man to snap your spine in two-and-twenty pieces for the honour of old Gayhead? What d’ye say?” 
they say to a fellow, “I wisht you’d len’ me a chaw, Jack, I jist this minute give Ben Thompson the last chaw I had”--which is a lie pretty much everytime; it don’t fool nobody but a stranger; but Jack ain’t no 
“He tried to explain to me how that quarrel had arisen, and he said that, so far as he could judge, it was a wrong and foolish one on England’s part. He added, in a jesting way, that perhaps George 
read to him,--“Foreign language, dear boy!” While I complied, he, not comprehending a single word, would stand before the fire surveying me with the air of an Exhibitor, and I would see him, between the fingers 
those grand fresh-water seas of ours,—Erie, and Ontario, and Huron, and Superior, and Michigan,—possess an ocean-like expansiveness, with many of the ocean’s noblest traits; with many of its rimmed varieties 
For such reasons, I was very glad when ten o’clock came and we started for Miss Havisham’s; though I was not at all at my ease regarding the manner in which I should acquit myself under that lady’s roof. Within 
dreadful lonesome.  I judged he had got drownded, and I wasn’t ever going to get out any more.  I was scared.  I made up my mind I would fix up some way to leave there.  I had tried to get out of that cabin many 
question, by a circuitous course, alone; and that the unhappy father, setting forth in an opposite direction, should get round to the same bourne by another and wider route.  It was further agreed that he should 
mouth tightens. The forehead is broad and fine, rising at first almost straight and then sloping back above two bumps or ridges wide apart; such a forehead that the reddish hair cannot possibly tumble over it, 
the--the--Gentlemen, if you’ll only pull ahead, and let me heave you the headline, you won’t have to come a-near the raft--please do.” “Set her back, John, set her back!” says one.  They backed water.  “Keep 
by some unknown, and seemingly inexplicable, unimaginable casualty, his ivory limb having been so violently displaced, that it had stake-wise smitten, and all but pierced his groin; nor was it without extreme 
The bell again; the glare of light and heat dispelled; the factories, looming heavy in the black wet night—their tall chimneys rising up into He had spoken to Rachael only last night, it was true, and had walked 
who was tired out. I sometimes derived an impression, from his manner or from a whispered word or two which escaped him, that he pondered over the question whether he might have been a better man under better 
his brawny shoulders through the freezing foam. I looked at the grand and glorious fellow, but saw no one to be saved. The greenhorn had gone down. Shooting himself perpendicularly from the water, Queequeg, now 
and found that it was not really locked, but that the resistance came from the fact that the hinges had fallen somewhat, and the heavy door rested on the floor. Here was an opportunity which I might not have 
small newcomer his soul was all ablaze with bliss in a moment. The next moment he was showing off with all his might--cuffing boys, pulling hair, making faces--in a word, using every art that seemed likely to 
taking aim at that which was on the point of appearing, waited, calm, mute, motionless. They did not see the cuirassiers, and the cuirassiers did not see them. They listened to the rise of this flood of men. They 
him for some time while he was taking off his knapsack. The host said to him, "There is the fire. The supper is cooking in the He approached and seated himself near the hearth. He stretched out his 
ever conscious that the old man’s despot eye was on them. But did you deeply scan him in his more secret confidential hours; when he thought no glance but one was on him; then you would have seen that 
The search was all in vain.  There were not even the traces of recent footsteps, to be seen.  They stood now, on the summit of a little hill, commanding the open fields in every direction for three or four miles. 
of one formed by the cubic-yards of his sperm magazine. Lying in strange folds, courses, and convolutions, to their apprehensions, it seems more in keeping with the idea of his general might to regard that mystic part 
review. Was she sincere? Had she really any life of her own behind all her propagandism? There had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night. It unnerved him to think that she would be at the 
all busy listening.  The king was saying--in the middle of something he’d “--they bein’ partickler friends o’ the diseased.  That’s why they’re invited here this evenin’; but tomorrow we want _all_ to come--everybody; 
the tranquillity of the Castle, but the occasional tumbling open of John and Miss Skiffins: which little doors were a prey to some spasmodic infirmity that made me sympathetically uncomfortable until I got used 
“But if Juliet’s such a young gal, duke, my peeled head and my white whiskers is goin’ to look oncommon odd on her, maybe.” “No, don’t you worry; these country jakes won’t ever think of that. 
need it to get out of prison with; there’s where the difference was. He said if I’d a wanted it to hide a knife in, and smuggle it to Jim to kill the seneskal with, it would a been all right.  So I let it go at 
frights, so common to such whales; I think that all this indirectly proceeds from the helpless perplexity of volition, in which their divided and diametrically opposite powers of vision must involve them. 
the gate, the light of the day seemed of a darker color than when I went in. For a while, I hid myself among some lanes and by-paths, and then struck off to walk all the way to London. For, I had by that time come 
on quickly, "that is easy for brave men. Your lives are God's, and you can give them back to Him; but what will you give to me?" She looked again questioningly, but this time avoided her husband's face. Quincey 
“I heard there by chance, yesterday morning,” said Wemmick, “that a certain person not altogether of uncolonial pursuits, and not unpossessed of portable property,--I don’t know who it may really 
of the wooden windows of the forge. I was haunted by the fear that she would, sooner or later, find me out, with a black face and hands, doing the coarsest part of my work, and would exult over me and despise me. 
there ain’t no telling how soon you are going to need it, away from home and amongst strangers that way.  You can’t be too careful.  I ain’t opposed to spending money on circuses when there ain’t no other way, but 
the other--the red and blue inside; of a short-waisted olive coat, with a codfish tail, a double row of silver buttons set close to each other and running up to the shoulder; and a pair of trousers of a lighter 
The reading of the card persuaded me that he was dead and I was disturbed to find myself at check. Had he not been dead I would have gone into the little dark room behind the shop to find him sitting in 
past, Louisa, I should also mistrust myself for the present and the future.  To speak unreservedly to you, I do.  I am far from feeling convinced now, however differently I might have felt only this time 
accustomed. The question concerned the lock upon the entrance door. It appears that while procuring some provisions for supper, Madame Magloire had heard things in divers places. People had spoken of a 
as steadily as if they had only just begun their journey.  At length, they came to a public-house called the Coach and Horses; a little way beyond which, another road appeared to run off.  And here, the cart 
comfortably astride of both frontiers. As for his prowess at Waterloo, the reader is already acquainted with that. It will be perceived that he exaggerated it a trifle. Ebb and flow, wandering, adventure, was 
claiming his identity. But, I could not be sure of this unconsciousness on Mr. Jaggers’s part before, though I was quite sure of it now. “So! You know the young lady’s father, Pip?” said Mr. Jaggers. 
swallow-tailed coat, girdled with a sailor-belt and sheath-knife. Here comes another with a sou’-wester and a bombazine cloak. No town-bred dandy will compare with a country-bred one—I mean a 
strikingly improved in that respect.  Ay, and indeed here _is_ Mr. Bounderby!’ cried Mrs. Sparsit, nodding her head a great many times, as if she had been talking and thinking of no one else.  ‘How do you find 
sold them the niggers reasonable, for three-day drafts as they called it, and away they went, the two sons up the river to Memphis, and their mother down the river to Orleans.  I thought them poor girls and them 
'It has been taken down, child, because Mr. Brownlow said, that as it seemed to worry you, perhaps it might prevent your getting well, you 'Oh, no, indeed.  It didn't worry me, ma'am,' said Oliver. 'I liked to 
'Do what you like with me,' said the girl, turning to the men again; 'but do what I ask you first, and I ask you to give this message for The soft-hearted cook added his intercession, and the result was that 
looking out at the storm from the casement, he never heeded my presence, never troubled himself with so much as a single glance; but appeared wholly occupied with counting the pages of the marvellous book. 
loaded, stuck in a rack, within easy reach of his hand; and, whenever he turned in, he smoked them all out in succession, lighting one from the other to the end of the chapter; then loading them again to be in 
poor young lady, by laying a brawny hand upon his chest, and sending him (“I really think this must be a man!” was Mr. Lorry’s breathless reflection, simultaneously with his coming against the wall.) 
immortality-preserver! I’ll think of that. But no. So far gone am I in the dark side of earth, that its other side, the theoretic bright one, seems but uncertain twilight to me. Will ye never have done, Carpenter, 
have in it some element of hope or comfort. Go, my husband! God can, if He wishes it, guard me as well alone as with any one present." So I started up crying out: "Then in God's name let us come at once, for we 
Towards the middle of the Bridge, Cosette, whose feet were benumbed, wanted to walk. He set her on the ground and took her hand again. The bridge once crossed, he perceived some timber-yards on his right. He 
Gabriel, leaning on his elbow, looked for a few moments unresentfully on her tangled hair and half-open mouth, listening to her deep-drawn breath. So she had had that romance in her life: a man had died for her 
thrust back the leg, and by a dexterous heave and toss, had wrought a somerset upon the Indian; so that with the next trial, he came forth in the good old way—head foremost. As for the great head itself, that was 
the life and adventures of Oliver Twist?' asked Grimwig of Mr. Brownlow, at the conclusion of the meal; looking sideways at Oliver, as 'To-morrow morning,' replied Mr. Brownlow.  'I would rather he was 
In the meantime a serious incident occurred. Carve as we will the mysterious block of which our life is made, the black vein of destiny One morning M. Madeleine was in his study, occupied in arranging in 
mean, you see.  Not always the same thing, by the Lord Harry!  Quite different things.  You had better tell us at once, that that fellow Slackbridge is not in the town, stirring up the people to mutiny; and 
I hint to you of a Home that is before us, where I will be true to you with all my duty and with all my faithful service, I bring back the remembrance of a Home long desolate, while your poor heart pined away, 
with a thousand wrinkles, heavy shakos garlanded with torsades, the almost black infantry of Brunswick mingled with the scarlet infantry of England, the English soldiers with great, white circular pads on the 
The steps of the patrol became more and more distinct. "Some one is coming," said the prowler, with the movement of a man who The officer raised his arm feebly, and detained him. 
went to the prison; the jailer would not admit me. I went into a dog's kennel; the dog bit me and chased me off, as though he had been a man. One would have said that he knew who I was. I went into the fields, 
with regular, gasping hems, he hammered on the anvil, Perth passing to him the glowing rods, one after the other, and the hard pressed forge shooting up its intense straight flame, the Parsee passed silently, and 
for soup, or sausage, or anything you choose.  We could a had a whole But we didn’t need it.  All we needed was just enough for the pie, and so we throwed the rest away.  We didn’t cook none of the pies in the 
buy an envelope and a sheet of paper, and to keep the change. When she came back, I addressed the envelope and stamped it, and when Smollet had again faithfully promised to post the address when found, I took my way 
Seeing, I suppose, some expression in my face strange to him, he "Ah, sir, you dwellers in the city cannot enter into the feelings of the "But you must be tired. Your bedroom is all ready, and to-morrow you 
he was did, that he was never safe; that flight was impossible; that he was tied fast under the shadow of the axe; and that in spite of his utmost tergiversation and treachery in furtherance of the reigning 
“To the eye it is fair enough, here; but seen in its integrity, under the sky, and by the daylight, it is a crumbling tower of waste, mismanagement, extortion, debt, mortgage, oppression, hunger, nakedness, 
fifth in length compared with the living body. Of this seventy-two feet, his skull and jaw comprised some twenty feet, leaving some fifty feet of plain back-bone. Attached to this back-bone, for something less than a 
her has injured them." I did not quite understand his answer:-- "How do you mean, Professor?" I asked. I was a little inclined to take his seriousness lightly--for, after all, four days of rest and freedom 
those days the upper lodgers would look out at their doors and find themselves without the means of coming down,--to a set of chambers on the top floor. MR. POCKET, JUN., was painted on the door, and there was 
"But, my dear girl, you may sleep to-night. I am here watching you, and "Ah, I can trust you!" I seized the opportunity, and said: "I promise you that if I see any evidence of bad dreams I will wake you at once." 
in his uniform; methodical with malefactors, rigid with the buttons of That he should have set the buckle of his stock awry, it was indispensable that there should have taken place in him one of those 
Bentley Drummle, who was so sulky a fellow that he even took up a book as if its writer had done him an injury, did not take up an acquaintance in a more agreeable spirit. Heavy in figure, movement, 
When Paddy Leonard called him he found that they were talking about feats of strength. Weathers was showing his biceps muscle to the company and boasting so much that the other two had called on Farrington to 
swing for it. I opened the window and signed to the man not to notice, so he contented himself after looking the place over and making up his mind as to what kind of a place he had got to by saying: 'Lor' bless 
“Meaning the master you were to be apprenticed to?” “You had better be apprenticed at once. Would Gargery come here with I signified that I had no doubt he would take it as an honor to be 
preparations for their dreadful duties to make any reply, were left WHEREIN THIS HISTORY REVERTS TO MR. FAGIN AND COMPANY While these things were passing in the country workhouse, Mr. Fagin sat 
Favourite gazed tenderly at Blachevelle and said:-- "What would you do, Favourite, if I were to cease to love you?" "I!" cried Favourite. "Ah! Do not say that even in jest! If you were 
at last; saw the feeble flame rise and fall, climb the thin column of smoke, linger at its top a moment, and then--the horror of utter darkness How long afterward it was that Becky came to a slow consciousness that 
Brother Jonathan, is Texas but a Fast-Fish? And concerning all these, is But if the doctrine of Fast-Fish be pretty generally applicable, the kindred doctrine of Loose-Fish is still more widely so. That is 
England and Germany of anything? No. Neither that illustrious England nor that august Germany enter into the problem of Waterloo. Thank Heaven, nations are great, independently of the lugubrious feats of 
in skilful manner, he bestowed a parting defiance on Mrs. Cruncher, Young Jerry, who had only made a feint of undressing when he went to bed, was not long after his father. Under cover of the darkness he 
began to laugh; and although the mother held fast to her, she slipped to the ground with the unconquerable energy of a little being which wished to run. All at once she caught sight of the two others in the swing, 
hands, crying.  I felt awful bad to see it; of course anybody would.  I “Miss Mary Jane, you can’t a-bear to see people in trouble, and I So she done it.  And it was the niggers--I just expected it.  She said 
and such another clack a body never heard.  Old Mrs. Hotchkiss was the worst; her tongue was a-going all the time.  She says: “Well, Sister Phelps, I’ve ransacked that-air cabin over, an’ I b’lieve 
the back fence, and some outbuildings down a piece the other side; ash-hopper and big kettle to bile soap in by the little hut; bench by the kitchen door, with bucket of water and a gourd; hound asleep there 
some thirty dollars in silver; then spreading them on the table, and mechanically dividing them into two equal portions, pushed one of them towards me, and said it was mine. I was going to remonstrate; but he 
business, I know nothing of it. But, as an old fellow, who has carried Miss Manette in his arms, who is the trusted friend of Miss Manette and of her father too, and who has a great affection for them both, I have 
story he left the room or put his hands over his ears; and possibly if he had done either of those things this time they might all still be on the island. But to-night he remained on his stool; and we shall see what 
night, we found ourselves almost broad upon the wintry ocean, whose freezing spray cased us in ice, as in polished armor. The long rows of teeth on the bulwarks glistened in the moonlight; and like the white 
when you open your arms to her, you would in time, when you had died, have become _nosferatu_, as they call it in Eastern Europe, and would all time make more of those Un-Deads that so have fill us with horror. 
